lately, i've been, i've been losing sleep dreaming about the things that we could be but baby, i've been, i've been praying hard, said, no more counting dollars we'll be counting stars, yeah we'll be counting stars  i see this life like a swinging vine swing my heart across the line and my face is flashing signs seek it out and you shall find old, but i'm not that old young, but i'm not that bold i don't think the world is sold i'm just doing what we're told i feel something so right doing the wrong thing i feel something so wrong tonight with another i'm dancing and we're smiling at the rest of the crowd but i can't help wondering about you and your new love to whom you're so proud at night i'm never alone i'm afraid that i'll weaken and phone and i'm afarid that you will be gone i'm with a crowd but oh so alone the days have been long and i have been lonesome recalling those dreams that never came true the nights have been lonely but now that's all over i've payed my debt for trusting in you  everyday your memory grows dimmer cab-over pete with a reefer on and a jimmy haulin' hogs we is headin' for bear on i-one-oh 'bout a mile outta shaky town i says, "pig pen, this here's the rubber duck. "and i'm about to put the hammer down."  'cause we got a little ol' convoy the softness of your warm red lips the gentle touch of your fingertips are just sweet things i remember about you that happy look deep in your eyes the way you kiss and the way you sigh are just sweet things i remember about you  i was so shaken up i had to leave home* i drove all night with the radio on, how did things get so bad?, how did things go so wrong?  everything i held dear, is a thousand miles away from here, a desperate man, plays a dangerous hand  i slow down 'cause i need a drink, a lonely bar on a dead-end street, no one but me and the bar keep, and i ask him where i am  lonesome town, you're welcome if you're here to drown, but if you've got some livin' to do, there's the door, son, "leave the pieces"  you're not sure that you love me but you're not sure enough to let me go baby it ain't fair you know to just keep me hangin' 'round  you say you don't wanna hurt me don't want to see my tears so why are you still standing here just watching me drown  and it's alright, yeah i'll be fine drew looks at me i fake a smile so he won't see what i want and i need and everything that we should be  i'll bet she's beautiful that girl he talks about and she's got everything that i have to live without  drew talks to me i laugh 'cause it's just so funny but i can't even see anyone when he's with me  he says he's so in love he's finally got it right i wonder if he knows nice to meet you where you been? i could show you incredible things magic, madness, heaven, sin saw you there and i thought oh my god look at that face, you look like my next mistake love's a game, wanna play new money, suit and tie i can read you like a magazine ain't it funny rumors fly and i know you heard about me up on our feet took of in throught the ride and head over heels no one left behind no one left behind  run throught the woods home for the holidays, i believe ive missed each and every face, come on and play my music, lets turn on the love light in the place its time i found myself, totally surrounded in your circles whoa, my friends please, celebrate me home, give me a number, please, celebrate me home play me one more song, that ill always remember, and i can recall, whenever i find myself too all alone, i can sing me home. uneasy highway, traveling where the westerly winds can fly, somebody tried to tell me, but the men forgot to tell me why, i gotta count on being gone, we used to have it all planed, we thought we knew what it all looked like we were looking out on the greatest view  we were raised to take a stand, we were raised to keep an open mind we believed we'd just sail on through  this is open season time is up, time to we leaving head on down this very arbitrary road  armor up, and say your prayers from underdogs and millionaires, i heard you better off on your own but i ain't gonna face this hunt alone  so i'll be needing you and i know you'd be needing me too we're in this game together, we're in this game together  and i believe in you ain't nothin' goin' on in town tonight. except a loud party crowd drinkin' too much beer, so baby tell me would it be alright if we just take a little rain check and stay right here. i'm sure we could find somethin' to do, as a matter of fact baby why don't you grab a couple glasses and a bottle of wine. walk down the hall and turn down the lights, and baby while you're at it you might as well let down your hair and i can take if from there. yeah i can take it from there.  i'm gonna put an ol' record on, conway twitty. you change your mind like a girl changes clothes yeah you, pms like a bitch i would know  and you over think always speak cryptically i should know that you're no good for me  cause you're hot then you're cold you're yes then you're no you're in then you're out you're up then you're down you're wrong when it's right it's black and it's white we fight, we break up we kiss, we make up  you, you don't really want to stay, no you, should you don't really want to go-oh  you're hot then you're cold you're yes then you're no you're in and you're out you're up and you're down  we used to be he is sensible and so incredible and all my single friends are jealous he says everything i need to hear and it's like i couldn't ask for anything better  he opens up my door and i get into his car and he says, you look beautiful tonight and i feel perfectly fine  but i miss screamin' and fightin' and kissin' in the rain and it's two a.m. and i'm cursin' your name you're so in love that you act insane and that's the way i loved you  breakin' down and comin' undone it's a roller-coaster kinda rush and i never knew i could feel that much and that's the way i loved you  hey, uh huh huh hey, uh huh huh  what i like about you, you hold me tight tell me i'm the only one, wanna come over tonight, yeah  you're whispering in my ear tell me all the things that i wanna to hear, 'cause that's true (what i like) that's what i like about you (what i like)  what i like about you, you really know how to dance when you go up, down, jump around, think about true romance, yeah  i had a dream the other night bout how we only get one life woke me up right after 2 stayed awake and stared at you so i wouldn't loose my mind and i had the week that came from hell and yes i know that you could tell but you're like the net under the ledge whether i go flying off the edge you go flying off aswell and if you only die once i wanna die with you got something i need in this world full of people there's one killing me and if we only die once, i wanna die with you no i don't know know where you came you came from bad if you like you can be my inspiration in the day time, or red eye cause baby you shine like platinum ring and if you want mine i will show you off and if you like to be held i can hold you till the end of time picture perfect memories, scattered all around the floor. reaching for the phone, cause i cant fight it anymore.  ad i wonder if i ever cross your mind, for me it happens all the time  it's a quarter after one and i'm all alone and i need you now, said i wouldn't call but i lost all control and i need you now, and i don't know how, i can do without, i just need you now  another shot of whiskey, can't stop looking at the door, wishing you'd come sweeping in the way you did before, i may not be old and broken down my face may not be sad like a clown and i may not be dreaming of yesterday babe, i've still got scars my days may not be numbered few i might have a dog hell, i might have 2 and i might have lots of things to do babe, i've still got scars (chorus) baby i had a change of heart i let her go to far slipped right through my fingers didn't know what i had, now it hurts so bad do know what i was thinking i had a change of heart started back when we were young, it was innocent and fun caught her eye as the days went by even though she tried just couldn't give my heart away wish that i could say things had gone her way  first i get cold and hot, think i'm on fire but i'm not oh, what a pain i've got, it must be love there's nothing i can do, all that i want is you look what i'm going through, it must be love  it must be love, it must be love i fall like a sparrow and fly like a dove you must be the dream i been dreaming of oh what a feeling, it must be love  i heard my saviour calling me he saved my soul, he set me free i know he'll never let me fall praise out, i heard my saviour call i was a sinner, traveling on a weary road so far from home but now sweet heaven is my all ah, breaker one-nine, this here's the rubber duck. you gotta copy on me, pig pen, c'mon? ah, yeah, 10-4, pig pen, fer shure, fer shure. by golly, it's clean clear to flag town, c'mon. yeah, that big 10-4 there, pig pen, yeah, we definitely got the front door, good buddy. mercy sakes alive, looks like we got us a convoyverse: i woke up this mornin to an empty house, and empty's just what i mean, my baby must've left in the middle of the night, she really stripped the place clean, well i don't know how i slept through it all, it must've been one hell of a snooze, the only thing she left me was the blues  verse: she took my favorite chair, she left the cupboards bear, she even took our old dog gus, the only thing that lingered in the air, was a sad memory of us, she took my vcr, she even took my guitar, as she walked on out the door, she took the kitchen table but she still was able, to leave the bills on the floor. sir, i'm a bit nervous 'bout being here today still not real sure what i'm going to say so bare with me please if i take up too much of your time, see in this box is a ring for your oldest she's my everything and all that i know is it would be such a relief if i knew that we were on the same side very soon i'm hoping that iif you're gonna cruise be sure that you'll choose habana where the waters are green by that old caribbean sea if you stay awhile you'll soon like their style of rhythm you'll learn the cuba rhumba the dance that everyone does.  and when you dance with the sweet senorita you meet in the moonlight you'll forget way of prom and you'll never wanna come home i can't stand the thoughts of you with somebody else i can't keep pretending just foolin' myself it hurts me too much to think you'll never be mine but somewhere there's someone that i've got to find.  "crazy ex-girlfriend"  it took me 5 bars, some 30 license plates i saw her mustang and my eyes filled up with rage i brought my pistol but i ain't some kinda fool so i walked right in barehanded she was on his arm while he was playing pool just like i used to do she kissed him while i got a beer she didn't think i'd show up here i'm a crazy ex girlfriend  i'm just gonna do all three of them rule number one: keep love new uh she make me feel like a do wop song yeah it's new love let's go, uh  you make me smile when i want to be mad at the world you do i want to break up and make up everyday so that we always stay brand new, ey  my new love (new love) said you make want to sing a song about you yeah you do, my new love i never thought the day would ever come around when you would do me wrong and let me down now your old memory is all that i'm tied to i'm afraid i forgot the feeling that i have for you  chorus: i'm afraid i forgot the feeling that i had for you seems you just put me down words and music by michael reynolds  a stark naked light bulb in a room with no view the coffee tastes bitter, this whiskey tastes new i lied when i told you my dreams all came true and it's a hell of a ride, leaves me empty inside and living in cheap motel rooms  that girl gets away with murder that girl really likes to hurt him well, if i recall, i never ever did you that way if i did, i'm really, truly sorry i hope nobody ever pointed and said when i was still in his world saying somebody oughta do something about that girl that girl only wants to use him spend his money and confuse him i got a cloud hanging over my head wolf is scratching at the back door boogie man is sleeping under my bed, pulling the covers on the wood floor misery loves company, and baby this aint good misery loves company, there goes the neighbourhood i got a broken heart that just quit working up on blocks in the front yardd and every black cat and every stray dog, say they love me but you dont, no you dont i love a mean, mean man who lives uptown when i want him most he's not around  he's a mean, mean man woo, lordy, he's a mean, mean man he's a mean, mean man but i love him all i can  now he can calls at six he wants a date at eight he's never on time he's always late  people say she's only in my head it's gonna take time but i'll forget they say i need to get on with my life they don't realize  is when you're dialing 6 numbers just to hang up the phone driving across town just to see if she's home waking a friend in the dead of the night just to hear him say its gonna be alright when you're finding things to do not fall asleep cause know she will be there in your dreams that's when she'smore than a memory  i'm at a payphone trying to call home all of my change i spent on you where have the times gone? baby, it's all wrong where are the plans we made for two?  yeah, i, i know it's hard to remember the people we used to beyou're still the one"  (when i first saw you, i saw love. and the first time you touched me, i felt love. and after all this time, you're still the one i love.)  looks like we made it look how far we've come, my baby we mighta took the long way we knew we'd get there someday  they said, "i bet they'll never make it." but just look at us holding on we're still together, still going strong  (you're still the one) you're still the one i run to the one that i belong to girls they sit and listen and they wink and wiggle and they like to sing too in my garage, in my garage band we're here on a mission jammin' with the fellas maybe get a hit song in my garage, in my garage band  and it's john, paul, elvis and me we play and we sing yeah yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah and the neighbors say we're way too loud they'll call the militia if we don't turn down we just say whatever it takes publicity might be our break in my, in my garage i worship you  i've been walkin ' with a big grin, singin' with my eyes closed. liftin' up my hands.  i've been lost in the moment sendin' up praises. now i think i understand.  when i open up and let it flow, i feel your touch and then i know.  i could never live without it. and i'm never gonna doubt it. every day is new. yeah!  there's nothing any better. i'll be singin' it forever. i worship you.  standin' on the edge now, looking to a new place. i've got a funny feelin' the moment that your lips touched mine something shot right through me my heart skipped a beat in time there's a different feel about you tonight it's got me thinkin' lots of crazy things i even think i saw a flash of light it felt like electricity  you shouldn't kiss me like this unless you mean it like that 'cause i'll just close my eyes and i won't know where i'm at we'll get lost on this dance floor, spinning around i love you because you understand dear every single thing i try to do you're always there to lend a helping hand dear i love you most of all because you're you  no matter what the world may say about me they say everything can be replaced yet every distance is not near so i remember every face of every man who put me here i see my light come shining from the west unto the east any day now, any day now i shall be released  sweet nothings whispered, of stealing my heart. promises to take it home, fix the broken parts. and i can't help but notice that you've got a mouth. and if i don't see some action soon, we're heading south.  and it's all talk, talk, talk that i hear you saying. and i'll walk, walk, walk from misinterpretation. this is more, more, more than just a flirtation.  and i want want want to be all you're seeing and i think, think, think that you're what i'm needing so, try try try and i won't be leaving.  chase me, like you mean it. catch me, c'mon bring it. the notebook, i know you've seen it all.  a few months, but who's counting? cliché, how i'm sounding. but, my heart's not your toy, or some doll.  you know, i could fall.  you may have already heard the story of a "love-struck girl". you can get yourself into a fight if that's the way you wanna live your life you can get yourself connected to the world that we are thrown to, yeah  i never let love come too near me i sleep all alone in the dark the truth is i'm runnin' from the fire that's scorching the dry wood of my heart  chorus: can you hear the thunder in the distance can you hear the crackle of the flame she's like cold coffee in the morning i'm drunk off last nights whisky and coke she'll make me shiver without warning and make me laugh as if i'm in on the joke  and you can stay with me forever or you could stay with me for now  tell me if i'm wrong tell me if i'm right tell me if you need a loving hand to help you fall asleep tonight tell me if i know tell me if i do tell me how to fall in love the way you want me to  like a muddy river runnin' wild and deep you've got a flaming memory that keeps burning me just when i think you love me, doubt creeps in i still feel the shadow of your distant friend.  it's a major heartache when you lose your trust then the love you're feelin' begins to rust just when the sun is shinin', doubt creeps in i still feel the shadow of your distant friend. we said we'd walk together baby come what may that come the twilight should we lose our way if as we were walking a hand should slip free i'll wait for you and should i fall behind wait for me  we swore we'd travel together darlin', side by side we'd help each other stay in stride but each lover's steps fall so differently so i'll wait for you and should i fall behind good morning beautiful how was your night mine was wonderful with you by my side and when i opened my eyes and see your sweet face its a good morning beautiful day  i couldn't see the light i didn't know day from night i had no reason to care well since you came along some girls will some girls wont some girls need a lot of loving and some girls don't i know i got the fever but i don't know why some say they will and some girls lie  so here i am in front of you not really knowing what to do i get kissed by the sun each morning put my feet on a hardwood floor i get to hear my children laughin' down the hall through the bedroom door sometimes i sit on my front porch swing just soakin' up the day i think to myself, i think to myself this world is a beautiful place  i have been blessed and i feel like i've found my way i thank god for all i've been given at the end of every day i have been blessed with so much more than i deserve to be here with the ones that love me to love them so much it hurts i have been blessed oh, oh yeah, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, oh i thought i might begin by fillin' you in in case you didn't already know i'll never forget how you got up and left in fact it was downright pretty low  there ain't no way i wanna, you know i ain't gonna take you back, so don't even try you can beg, you can plead, you can sweat, you can bleed too bad i could care if you cry  yeah, that's it, we had fun (that's all, we had a ball) it was good while it lasted, but now i'm past it it was sure, it was sweet, sure you swept me off my feet i miss you now and then, but would i do it all again, nah!  you won't find me naked and cold justa sittin' on the doctor's table waitin' to be told justa why i'm no longer able to feel my heart beatin', give me a good reason why  i kinda went numb just around about the time you told me you were movin' on, and you said that you were gonna phone me it's been so long, and there ain't nothin' wrong with the line tucked away in a cardboard box behind the attic door my chance to find a book of rhymes from a hundred years before tales i read came to life like a sail in the breeze lord byron was my captain, and his pages were my seas  and we'd sail across the water lately you've been questioning if i still see you the same way cause through these trying years we gonna both physically change now don't you know you you'll always be the most beautiful woman i know so let me reassure you darlin that my feelings are truly unconditional see i'll love you when your hair turns gray, girl i'll still want you if you gain a little weight, yeah the way i feel for you will always be the same just as long as your love don't change, no blame it all on my roots, i showed up in boots. and ruined your black tie affair. the last one to know, the last one to show. i was the last one you thought you'd see there. and i saw the surprise and the fear in his eyes when i took his glass of champagne. and i toasted you and said "honey, we may be through, but you'll never hear me complain." cause i got friends in low places, where the whiskey drowns and the beer chases my blues away. and i'll be ok. yea i'm not big on social graces. think i'll slip on down to the oasis. yea i got friends in low places. well i guess i was wrong i just don't belong. but then i've been ther before. everything's alright, i'll just say goodnight. i am insensitive i have a tendency to pay more attention to the things that i need. sometimes i drink to much, sometimes i test your trust, sometimes i dunno why you're staying with me?  i'm hard to love, hard to love, i don't make it easy, i couldn't do it if i stood where you stood i'm hard to love, hard to love, you say that you need me, i don't deserve it but i love that you love me good  i am a short fuse, i am a wrecking ball crashing into your heart like i do venal street  with blackened hair and cobalt eyes i never thought we'd meet so secretly i kissed your lips and i'm back on venal street.  you put away the kneading oil i headed for the car you blew out all the candles crowded hallways are the loneliest places for outcasts and rebels or anyone who just dares to be different and you've been trying for so long to find out where your place is but in their narrow minds there's no room for anyone who dares to do something different oh, but listen for a minute  trust the one who's been where you are wishing all it was was sticks and stones those words cut deep but they don't mean you're all alone and you're not invisible hear me out there's so much more to life than what you're feeling now someday you'll look back on all these days and all this pain is gonna be invisible i was always the crazy one who broke into the stadium and i wrote your number on the fifty yard line you were always the perfect one and a valedictorian so under your number i wrote call for a good time i only wanted to get your attention but you over looked me somehow besides you had too many boyfriends to mention i've been in this town too long. it's alright, but somethin's wrong. she left me here and went on by herself. workin' in this corner store has got me wantin' somethin' more. it's only two but it feels like four and i'm wondering where you are. i guess i'll see you sometime, when i just cant say. we'll meet again somewhere somehow a million miles away. there's a man standing on the corner with a sign sayin "will work for food" you know the man you see him every morning the one you never give your money to you can sit there with your window rolled up wondering when the lights going to turn green never knowing what a couple more bucks in his pocket might mean  what if he's an angel sent here from heaven and he's making certain that you're doing your best to take the time to help one another brother are you going to pass that test you can go on with your day to day trying to forget what you saw in his face knowing deep down it could have been his saving grace what if he's an angel i went down to the river to watch the fish swim by but i got to the river so lonesome i wanted to die, oh lord and then i jumped in the river, but the doggone river was dry she's long gone, and now i'm lonesome blue  i had me a woman who couldn't be true she made me for my money and she made me blue in another's eyes i'm someone who loves her enough to walk away from you i'd never cheat, i'd never lie in another's eyes in another's eyes i can do no wrong he believes in me and his faith is strong i'd never fall or even compromise in another's eyes in another's eyes i'm afraid that i can't see creek goes rippling by i've been barefooting all day with my baby brown leaves have started falling leading the way  i like it best just like this doing nothing all the way so let's lay down in the tall grass dreaming away  and all i wanna do is let it be and be with you and watch the wind blow by i can't hide the truth, i am who i am i've made a few mistakes 'cause i've always been a woman, flesh and blood washed clean in the river and dragged through the mud  my heart's been broken and i've known true love so boy, if that ain't good enough  if you want a work of art, buy a picasso if you need a pair of wings, hop on a jumbo maybe i'm just to down to earth for you to handle 1: well they repossessed my ex's missing alimony payment like they repossessed my pickup truck last night now she won't drive me to the bar, but she sure drove me to drinking we got divorced because she likes to fight  i can't afford to pay attention till she got my whole check but if i paid attention my life wouldn't be a wreck 