he never knew how to behave himself well he never had something special to tell the only thing he had was a pair of old shoes and he knew he was going straight to hell  one day his best friend, from the devil's band called him thru the water pipe. he said, "come on, come on, you gotta move on, i got an idea full of dynamite!"  he gave his hand to him[pretext: the codeine kicks in. i can't keep awake. charon, here are two coins to carry me across. i sacrifice dirty blood and swallow the spirit of god. i'm peering at the surface. it's gorging on me, gnashing my skin. falling downcan you tell me why, so many days? spent in the rain, with so much pain why can't the sun, come breaking through? come shining down now, on me and you, yeah  (chorus) why can't the sun, come shining down? then we'll have won, no black clouds around  too many hours, spent in the gloom do you want to watch yourself fly do you want to keep holdin' on and on do you want to watch yourself fly do you want to cling to nothing do you want to watch yourself fly do you want to keep holdin' on and on do you want to watch yourself fly don't you want to take your chances  there's been times when i've been so close and held out from the first time i saw your face, i was down down down every second, every day, you are on my mind  there isn't anything that i wouldn't do for you it's all for you, for you every single breath i take for you, for you every single beat in here for you, for you everything i do, it's all for you [sinner, naumann, beyrodt]  i realized the blue sky black i felt the whole world's fading in my hands i will meet you after dark ain't no sunshine in my heart a quite deep river is running down to the places we'd belong  walk on in - i can't hear you calling, hear you walk on in - i can't hear you calling, hear you i keep telling myself so many things but i'm unsure what to believe the point where i should strive is a point i can't seem to find  these complications got the better of us  it? s not difficult to believe in pride and humanity in death and metal in love and hatechased and abused threatened and used timmy was so tired tired of always running away  a torment to those around him a broken heart seems much too heavy - it's time to rest carried it around so long, can't feel my chest baptize my body and wash away these thoughts of doubt bring back that feeling of which i can't be without here i sit in aftermath but i've got more to give tuesday feels like suicide but i just wanna live heavy is a heart that breaks – it's time to mend a thousand doors all around me the hallway never ends a million ways to change my fate trapped in a wonderland  rays of light leading nowhere mirrors on the walls an unknown fate's awaiting me tumbling worlds will fall  i hear nails scratching on stones i've seen straight through straight through the coward's eyes extended hand retreats he's set his own demise  you are not welcome here life lived behind a mask dark clouds paid a visit to the sky today couldn't escape what is surely called "nature" torn apart, crawling to reach our forgotten home shutting to the world, from the past to the last haven  [chorus] what about faith? what about pride? is it all forgotten inside? a blizzard came freezing, facing the storm again what about fear? what about rain? the only things encountered in life a brilliant sun glowing, warming the heart again  where is now the time when world was an open land when we could play and run in the fields of old forever ours were those days, so bright, so new only breathing for our hopes, for our dreams rememberno feeling for life blur the days reckless behaviour in the void, infected veins  no stranger to the brew complete the horizon the sun has no power through the fog of flamboyant paths  science, beyond the limits of science, beyond the laws of men secret research for the one, now here we are! day by day working hard, testing stages creating copies of perfect no-men, we've got now all we need to go  our mind is full of bloody hate, our plan is a killer game that will not fail we'll rule everywhere!  killers, we have a thousand killers slave to the system we created ready to do what we say, now, what we want! day by day working hard, testing stages creating copies of perfect no-men, we've got now all we need to go the trip to salvation begins! not ready for the war? the focus "tomorrow"? my mind still wanders and bearing's lost. in triumph and trash i'm despaired to death, this chapter was written with guilty more, than meets the eye, lost that sentiment see a light not a phonic sound or a soul around isolation i'm gonna do my time  i'm on the other side the other side  block out my anger i tried to push and shove my way above i surrender i found my hidden peace  i'm on the other side i got a gun pointing at my fucking face life or death it is in your hands abuse of power fulfilling emptiness frustration is the fuel set us on fire  now your convictions you won't need them where you end up you will not need them. when the circle is complete and ends in the beginning exude the mysteries on the path to sheol? caress! one life! one death! a tirade through gateways of absolution  when the hour glass turns and shatters the one luke a lotus spread on the path to becoming almighty! devourer! twice through! thaumiel, cloaked in no-thing, a pillar standing true  a twin-headed god awaits in death  first extended from the void and now the return i can't turn a blind eye to the things i have seen. a heartless empire built on power and greed. money and religion all parts of the same machine. oh there's a difference between the truth and what we're led to believe, i beg of you - look further and see. the storm is getting closer. i live in chains - i can't see the sun i am your drug - like wood i'll burn i am the king - i am your fear i don't seek love - like wood i'll burn  rainy night i hear the screams of the damned and i'm a sinner a thief of souls in my dirty hands all things become hot lava everything around me is consumed a photo in a frame old i dwell here sad the clock keeps ticking still blisfully ignorant  the mourning in my light a passage through my fright the shape of my inside is wounded and fragile  forever fragile - eternally yours the rain is so heavy, in the dawn, it beats on my window so fast, that i cannot sleep!  (night in whisper)  is it your voice that i hear in the wind? is it a whisper that keeps me asleep? the sound of your voice echoes in me, this is a feeling that i cannot leave!  all the power contained in your rage, whisper in the night. call for my name! all the anger lost in your pain, whisper in the night. call for my name! lnvoke the fourth light. in dark rite. to balance the one hidden chakra. as' above is below the inverse of tiphareth. yet entwined in the seed as the fallen daath cometh, a reflection lurking beneath  he is royal - he is blessed all is devoured in his caress  moving in slow motion or so it seems cause everything else take care! the flame is flickering the splinter hurts the eyes of god beware! we're drowning the isle again the very thought is bursting my mind  right now we're pacing the speed of life our fucked up minds are screaming for more millenium i hail your uneven beat the melody of men and machines the fear of looking inside the pain of my life the memories are so real the scars grow so deep  the pain of my life the shame that i feel crying, all colours fade to grey can you see how they rise? the ones of your kind from the mouldy ground to wreck the ones who lived. for the reckoning you fight.  with these cursed eyes tears of blood is all i cry! with those tears i seal the archaic storm so my realm won't vanish and be no more.  into the stench of a coffin thinking about all the past taking the breath of the maggots eating and fucking the dead  when the end of time breathes it's last breath and the world starts it's cycle again the eternal return of the sun to forge the god soul of our kin  becoming eternal sun, where the old runes will speak of my name the watchers of fate have been awaken causing a tempting urge for mankind to control  ancient scrolls has been recovered revealing the truth for those who were: and the ones who was filled with the hatred of condemned deliverance  the essence of ours evolving from our minds is yet unmatched and unchallenged try to tell me how to act think you know the way the living hell you put me through i will not except what you did and what you said it means nothing to me i wont give up - i will go on this time i'll follow through  stand on you own back up what you said no excuses for what you have dowe no excuses for innocent dead i don't give a fuck about your cause you placed judgement on their lives  in an age when the earth was born deep in the black maw of eternity's void i commanded them - abysmal creatures, my minions, to prepare our rise. neither beasts nor human beings wandered the earth when i came from below, from the inside of the mountain, the fiery grounds, hell itself and earthen element.  so there was movement underneath. i reside on my throne and behold: stone after stone shaped to become the construction of my invincible fortress. "behold my imperial rise - godfather in heavenin every place, in every time their traces can be found they ruled the world, they've changed their times with hearts so wild and proud  they took the tale into their hands stood upright like a wall no men compelled them on their knees no hard cry if they fall we've been betrayed by our own. it makes me so sick, like you don't even know. and i've screamed this over and over, your lies they get older and older the more that you spoke. i believed in the person that you were, not the one that you've become to be. sun is shining on the crystal parts of ice frozen flame of angry is in my soul is in my eyes. stars are shining with cosmic wisdom hate of million worlds in my hands too long on the throne, no resistance you try to own me, possess my mind believing you can control my existence indoctrination, brainwash by lies  a nation i am sovereignty belongs to me deep inside infantry gather for attack  prepare for war all armies unite for the battle i'm in command we march to the front to recapture our land before the walls of hell collapse, i make swift my return to the world above. emerging before the sea, a breeze of wings form fields of debris. blasts of wind beget cyclones of water and sand as a winged beast descends from its perch atop the precipicefinal solution, killing for love unholy land, tears turn to blood where have you been, where have you gone nothing is sacred, nothing is wrong  see the fire burning in your eyes like the heat is falling from the sky feel the fear of those about to hide it's a matter if you do or die  killing for justice, i feel so alive when you see your breath in the frozen night when your hope is on the guard there's a rushing threat there's a new design when the poison fills your heart  broken from the shattered hopes and breathless from the stare standing in this lonely room oh sweet dreams, where have you gone killing me and all i've done. sad are paths you left behind and the pain that makes me blind.  all the sins i ever made, all the things i love and hate, all the battles i have fought life is almost through silence screams forgive me your eyes sewn shut with greed who's to hear you bleeding  come alive, embrace the last time keep the vision upon your side by the hour, by the minute you will hold but one kill  life glares back at you wake up circular motions diving, faster and faster waiting to eat me whole dig into my flesh, negativity is all that i have left.  was this enough for you ill take everything that you have was this enough for me ill take every thing that you have it is a fear of mine that there is something not right an ill and unstable feeling what will happen next?  i look toward you for strength you show me that you are helpless in sickness we are alone and i know that we'll die alone  everything will fall apart and nothing can compare to the ways that we die and dying is just one of the things we do that makes the world seem real hardships in season, but day by day i will grind down the grind (lifegrinder) won't win me prizes, but live in hope true happiness i'll find (lifegrinder) face meeting concrete, disbelief and fear envelope me (lifegrinder)  seconds dissected, contentment just a fading memory (lifegrinder) blood stains the pavement, darkness and nausia encircle me (lifegrinder) tell me how come i'm surrounded by all these echo bouncing off the sky when she takes me down abandoned streets i'll follow as the demon plays his violin a string of sounds repeats from deep within i can feel the space embracing me red sun over black cities new songs in a boring scene temptation's what i mean i'll be the first to pull your string i miss it getting serious rebellion feels so marvellous red blood, red tears, red love every challenge i was made for i can see a liar i recognize the same i was born and raised to spit in his face  ah, he feed the fire, and do it again i believe his needs will bring him on his knees, yeah  'fighting' speaks my name as a morning star the revenge is in my hand  now in flames he's drowning spit his worthless point of view i can see him falling, crawling, callingshadow hate division  shadowed death divisions of gestapo's hate marching through the battlegrounds my loving father named me zeth i'm living in this land of death the only goods this ground will bear is coal and fear we have to share.  i know the mines here are not safe but others told me to be brave for years now i work in this trap believe me when i say: it's crap.  the only way is going down darkness will become my gown i feel you strong  i feel you strong, angel of death why don't you talk to me, to zeth? your wings are wide and painted black i always try to prove myself in their eyes. ill take them to the ground with me. i always try to prove myself in their eyes. i'm just never enough for them. quiet now between the folds scenery of leafless trees whistling in the wind cold dark and rainy  watching life pass by on a fast track to nowhere where we are not sure so please explain how i felt whenever i hated myself because you obviously know everything about my lack of help like windows my mind can see you perfectly clear so why can't i express my feelings with you being near the message is fear and the messenger is here waiting for a sign for him to appear if we can't think breathe or learn to hear i want to tell it to your face, the way you make me feel spit at all you stand for and make you kneel.  i want to tell it to your face, the hurt, spirit forgive me for i had sinned oceans and deserts, lost souls in the wind time rolls on like a cold winter's night to hang from the cross, the child must died  fire in the valley a suicide child in the alley a suicide  no food on the table, with war on their head the mass graved sinners, the no name dead breath of life whispers past your soul a cavalry blue sinner, as black as coal just the same as times before we reserve our name wine we will pour waiting to be served those things we have so deserved dining after weeks toils pining for all weeks spoils to squander  while across the table from me she said over great ocean and sea now under her breath a sigh and a plea she said to me merciless butcher hungry for blood creeping in the shadows he's king and it's his world  hack all their heads off wretched soldiers orders must be met slaughter is not over  why don't you go to a place where i don't have to see your face tomorrow, face tomorrow? i guess your bus is running late i hate to say you can't have friends to borrow, friends to borrow  it's hard to realize you only use me and you can't hide behind your bold disguise i guess you must be blind cause you can't see inside of me  hey you, why are you messin' with me? are you trying to break me with psychology? but i can't stand the shit that you say if you don't really need me then don't you come down my way  you call me up right after school you hope to find yourself a fool to guide you, a fool to guide you i guess i got to let you down you need to find another clown to help you, cause i won't help you  it's hard to realize you only use me a whisper of lost supremacy, knocking on the doors of the hopeless. a fallen king, symbol of disgrace, looking like a pawn on a chess. wandering through that endless space, a circle of cosmic chaos! looking for a place, so far away, for always lost in cosmosorbital decay, sadle the right horse the sickness of their weakness their pain values high  and our lives seems so empty upon the savage shores laughing in controlled madness have a look, but not too deep  orbital decay, raise the iron flag you've drawn this line one thousand times this foe but we'll fall alone we're all on a horse of our own far beyond perception of men is their infamous ability to destroy the life war began unexpected - starting unimaginable chain reaction poorly defended headquarters bringing absolute destruction in split second becoming a threat breaching the border of human habitat all kinds of war machines – setting in motion technological terror ground units quickly vaporized - unmerciful was an alien behavior mutilation! elevation! strangulation! fearless nation! molestation! irritation! everytime i kill there's a bomb in my head! pure frustration! irritation! suffocation! incubation! fucked relation! malefication! everytime i race there's blood on my face! mutilation! elevation! strangulation! fearless nation! pure frustration! suffocation! incubation! fucked relation! burnout in blood! as we're devastating your town! bloodbath hollywood! burnout in thy blood! after all these years discovery's not blind unsubstantial fears twisted in my mind in my mindthere's no light for showing hell. there's no breath to show the sky, we are lost (we are fading away) the sky burns a million fires forever alone, i've got to say goodbye  i used to be ashamed alone, hold me now i want nothing more, we can't hope the sky burns a million fires forever alone, i've got to say goodbye the doctor: he doesn't like you i am not beautiful when i've seen me in the mirror i laughed at this image that was me so much ugliness has something funny the antic is my face emetic for the glance at the guardian? s gate, i fall into slumber i cling to comfort as i lay thee under destroying those who challenge me showing them i am at last free  rise on up above your grave as the night grows long darkened mist has fallen into sadness a mantle worn against the world amid the heartbreak and the fear a screaming void of silence appears ashes of malice remain in this liturgy and you cherish mysteries of my body & blood. at morn, at noon, at twilight dim; lucifer, thou hast heard my hymn!  when storms of fate overcast and clouds reveal a shredded sky, through all energy i feel, the constant whisperings create a new and strong desire pink shot lady they try to catch me with your attractions your pictures bore me tv entertainer sworn to defend and protect the realm, dreams have shown me a different path, we command our destiny, the time to rule has com to pass  wash the field in the fire of gods, the well of wounds pours endlessly, courage bestowed on us this day, given to man by the world tree  it's taken too long to turn back now, we found them ready on the battleground, over the walls, hold your vows, shown them your steel cut'em down  waves are ready to take us home, for oaths we break we must atone, we must shown the gods what we learned, cleansing fire must be left to burn enter in the valley of tears, in the reign of your fears and the shame of your mind. enter in the realm of the dead, the loved ones' regrets are shown with respect. enter where pure is the blood, where loves are forgotten and hate is the strength. enterre. start  restart insanity sailing on a frozen sea of time never stops these clocks are broken theyre smashed into understanding of love when the mountain seems like a hill and the ocean seems weak a fearful thought lightens through my mind can time's destructive oblivion ever find the sanctuary beyond battering days? where beauty's beauty hides from all decay shapeless matters would be the consequence the colors make the difference  these are the colors of colors of hell these are the colors of colors of colors of hell  keep the spirits that you hold in lease our sky, she's full of lights, glinting through all that dark, uncaring. the rats on the moon are shielding their eyes, against the creeping, the crawlingno one looks for life among the dead you throw your body towards the dark tunnel only reddish darkness there are no relative faces, only tortured martyrs in the throes of death  there's no love, no compassion only distress and pain come back to life in a perverse way a corrupt version resucitation called survivors of the limbo also known as those without bright  i know about gloomy places if disbelief is a deadly sin, then put me to death if belief will save my life, it is nothing worth  i know a carnal truth, of flesh and bone no lies from your mouth, can turn that to stone how many miles you walked away (bisch furtgloffe) so many times you had to pray (hesch battet) so many nights you didn't sleep (hesch nid chonne schlofe) far away in your own land (wyt awag i dym eigete land)  deep inside your strange mind (fromdi gedanke) works a force we've never seen (wo mir nie warde gseh) it's not so bad, think (of it) all the time (dank immer dra) we think you're the chosen one (du bisch dr userwautnig)  you're the master of the dreams you're the king of the minds maybe you're the chosen one warrior of heinrichswil  now it's time for standing up (zyt zum ufschto) remember, you're not alone (bisch nid allei) the sky is falling through the heart of his name. a thousand faces at rest by my side and a city that lies in ruin. now im alive and now im running to the goal of my life here with my friend and i believe i can control all the lights beat all the fear yeah i can controll all the time of my life cause i know this time i will win the fight now were all done in this misery take your dreams watch them crumble in control of this therapy taste the poison inject the affliction pernicious calming of the weak solitude uncage your demon count every second off your feet it's a matter of time you're gonna die motherfucker you can take what's mine just don't you forget it now the wicked will overcome the light eyes don't lie to me i know it's there it has to be  eyes why can't i see my way away away from here  fallen leaves, mistake for dead sparrows no more purpose in a turn of a stone the road to ruin paved uneven and narrow for the journey's to be taken alone this is now shelter this is now home  unconditional love, what a fool i must've been blind faith, infinite trust are to blame you went away on my brother's birthday, it left a hole in my soul too deep, this was the day the walls decided to cave in, protect me from my own insanity.  put a gun to the back of my head, just give me something to feel real, hear my sorry thoughts, the wolves are back at my door.  we were both serving time, just of different kinds, we turned this van into our home and since we're back i wonder where the feeling's gone we've been all over the place each new sight spit us on another worn out stage where we belonged las vegas left a mark in me sacrifice of human brain, fall of spirit, until the final flame and organic breakdown. what's this i hear, you're leaving town? packed your bags, burnt your house, to harmonies of pain and fearsaccording to tacitus, the teutons hailed tuisto as their mythic progenitor. his three grandsons are the direct ancestors of the ingarvones, the herminones and the istaevones.  born from the earth, early in time father of mannu; first of our kind tuisto seen by your eyes i stare into the void hearing me move i hear nothingness  your breath on my neck i'm gasping for air put down by the beast i crawl in my own dirt  you set the fire on me the fire that burns my fire  walls around closing in cracking my vision your entire body racked with pain blinding searing at the depths of your soul surrounded by darkness in the pitch black of the hole  you're not alone you see the others chained to the wall  some strapped to the back in the centre of the floor you hear their cries which bellows from their core reverberating through the stone room never fading oh my light, give my star a fate once my heart filled with hatred was cured by your ice cold rays no more wishing death, just obeying your will  their life is not a life to your eyes their faith is a vain call in the night through their world my god it dies i will kill again to end their lies  only one truth it was written "feel my blood running thick through your veins. taste my wine of delicious temptation": pulsating deadly lust!  couldn't hear the cruelty coming with it's sweat seducing voice black ropes around their white necks deluded into delirium you watched them die, with a smile  we were young and we were misled to walk a deadend street. hand in hand with guilt and fear. deceived to believe that we need help from above to pull ourselves through. your whole world is crumbling. your demeanor giving out. i swear this'll be your last breath, your are crushing down! if i can say i used to know you, i used to know you but i don't anymore. you're all victims of this lifestyle. you're all victims of this passing trend. technocratic, senseless, ugly scum timeless grace, black cloud over the sun touch screen pads, the choice that you left me i hate your plastic pig society  it's my lame sequence again pushing our bodies over the edge pulsing every day on your frequency 