when i was painting by numbers there were suddenly hundreds of wonders emerging out of the blue and no, i didn't even think about adding or changing a single thing i saw no reason too  but your rubik's cube is made out of one single color your rubik's cube it's made out of one single color  but you keep adding and changing turning and twisting this whole thing around think i'm leaving old new york behind a whisper west is blowing through my mind thought i'd give it one good college try stare too long the sun will burn you blind  see that open road i know i'll take it try and slip from the city's grip  i've tried i've tried but why  alters built on greed and glamour lust a prized idea for children born of trust aren't you tired of flipping through the channels when you know that nothing's on? i'm anxious for you to come where everybody is gone. what holds you to the place that you refuse to leave? this is foolish. don't you want me?  i curse the day they say was made for lovers because that's the day when you denied everything about us. this absence, a void, a space, a hole, a something that i can't fill is cause you're missing. you're mia come out and play.  hold this while i gain my balance funny, dark, iconoclastic gain the world but lose the soul accurate forecasts, he wore a shirt / with "nostredamus says 'hell, i told you so'"  you can take your time for now but understand that i won't wait around for us to get closer don't stop now, we are already standing still i feel we've just begun  pre-chorus: you're dragging your feet and making it seem like i'm falling behind in spinning my wheels you're wasting my time  chorus: if it's a sure thing you have to give me all you've got without a second look i was thrown outside the door with a message reigning forge your own shelter seconds climbed up my years temples burning without reason counting down my next fifty years  and common lines are always said to stretch along the same distance and i am calm, i am calm in my resurrection of choice do you leave it all?  and i'm calling on the face of modern genius to give itself away to make me just one more million moments to sell to the highest paying day i solve my problems and i see the light we got a lovin' thing, we gotta feed it right there ain't no danger we can go too far we start believing now that we can be who we are grease is the word  they think our love is just a growing pain why don't they understand, it's just a crying shame their lips are lying, only real is real we stop the fight right now, we got to be what we feel grease is the word  (grease is the word, is the word that you heard) it's got a groove, it's got a meaning grease is the time, is the place, is the motion grease is the way we are feeling  we take the pressure and we throw away conventionality belongs to yesterday there is a chance that we can make it so far i'm bringin' sexy back them other boys don't know how to act i think it's special what's behind your back so turn around and i'll pick up the slack (take 'em to the bridge!)  dirty babe you see these shackles? baby, i'm your slave i'll let you whip me if i misbehave it's just that no one makes me feel this way (take 'em to the!)  come here girl (go 'head be gone with it) come to the back (go 'head be gone with it) vip! (go 'head be gone with it) drinks on me (go 'head be gone with it)  let me see what ya twerkin' with (go 'head be gone with it) look at those hips (go 'head be gone with it) you make me smile (go 'head be gone with it) come here child (go 'head be gone with it)  get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it) get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it) get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it) get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it)  get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it) get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it) get your sexy on (go 'head be gone with it) get your sexy on  i'm bringin' sexy back them motherfuckers don't know how to act 1, 2, 3, 4, i'm from london  this is the start of the end of my life the questions i have will only be solved with time but i won't wait quietly i have a lot of other things to do  everybody's growing up around me but i ain't got no patience so let's have another jack and coke i'm at the center of a story but i've still got some time to grow so crack another jack and coke  i try to act like a grownup i find it doesn't sit right it's empty in the valley of your heart the sun, it rises slowly as you walk away from all the fears and all the faults you've left behind the harvest left no food for you to eat you cannibal, you meat-eater, you see but i have seen the same i know the shame in your defeat but i will hold on hope and i won't let you choke on the noose around your neck and i'll find strength in pain and i will change my ways i'll know my name as it's called again cause i have other things to fill my time i heard that you're settled down that you found a girl and you're married now. i heard that your dreams came true. guess she gave you things i didn't give to you.  old friend, why are you so shy? ain't like you to hold back or hide from the light.  i hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited but i couldn't stay away, i couldn't fight it. i had hoped you'd see my face and that you'd be reminded that for me it isn't over.  never mind, i'll find someone like you i wish nothing but the best for you too don't forget me, i beg i remember you said, "sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead, google detected you're on a slow connection and optimised this page to use 80% less data.  optimized just nowview original  search  mp3email print  james blunt lyrics  "carry you home"  trouble is her only friend and he's back again. young man, there's no need to feel down. i said, young man, pick yourself off the ground. i said, young man, 'cause you're in a new town there's no need to be unhappy.  young man, there's a place you can go. i said, young man, when you're short on your dough. you can stay there, and i'm sure you will find many ways to have a good time.  it's fun to stay at the y-m-c-a. it's fun to stay at the y-m-c-a.  they have everything for you men to enjoy, you can hang out with all the boys four days, with my baby. four days, i'm wishing there were more. all night. yeah!  i'm getting used to being let down by chance, swimming in a sea of circumstance again and again, maybe i should get a hold of something while the situation's right maybe i'm not supposed to free-fall through the night. she bangs on my door; she drills through my walls, i'm there right where she wants me.  four days, with my baby. four days, i'm wishing there were more. hey ladies and gentlemen want you to listen wanna know what it is ha ha hear this yeah it's our belief  sijakgwa kkeuteun hangsang chetbakwirago saenggakhajima maeumi gutge muneul datjanha yeollineun i challae mideum kkaejideut chan mureun kkieontjineunma  neol johahanikka neol saranghanikka nae mameul wae molla a a a a neoman bara bonda a a a a  i do believe believe nan neoreul mideo believe believe arajwo nae jinsimi nae maeumi geojisi anin geoseul mideojwo  i do believe you you you i do believe you you you i do believe you you geojisi anin geoseul mideojwo uh, yeah shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shake  bad ass strippa gonna flip you on your back grab you to the bed take your stag and fifty dollar bill  shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shake  on the table international rock cable top never ever stop drop you to the ground like a cop  shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shake  i'm a dancer high quality romancer i'm a tease if you freeze them im gonna seize for your money  shake shake shake shake shake shake shake shake  i'm high class fill up my champagne glass i'm a choke i can tell by your eyes that you've prob'bly been cryin' forever, and the stars in the sky don't mean nothin' to you, they're a mirror. i don't want to talk about it, how you broke my heart. if i stay here just a little bit longer, if i stay here, won't you listen to my heart, whoa, heart?  johnny's mom was worried she caught him in the bathroom with a copy of gq the men's fall fashion issue so she called her pastor the respected reverend bean who after a minute of silence said, "i'll pray for thee" johnny's dad was absent we, we don't have to worry about nothing 'cause we got the fire and we're burning one hell of a something they, they gonna see us from outer space, outer space light it up like we're the stars of the human race human race  when the lights turned down they don't know what they heard strike the match, play it loud giving love to the world we'll be raising our hands, shining up to the sky 'cause we got the fire, fire, fire yeah we got the fire, fire, fire  and we gonna let it burn, burn, burn, burn we gonna let it burn, burn, burn, burn gonna let it burn, burn, burn, burn we gonna let it burn, burn, burn, burn  we don't wanna leave no, we just wanna be right now and what we see is everybody's on the floor acting crazy getting loco to the lights out music's on, i'm waking up, we stop the vibe and we bump it up if you ever leave me baby, if you walk right out that door, it'll take a whole lot of medication, to realize what we used to have we don't have it anymore. i'm praying my religion saves me. yeah, i got my knees on the floor. so keep in mind all the sacrifices i'm making. keep you by my side. keep you from walking out the door. cause there'll be no sunlight if i lose you baby. there'll be no clear skies if i lose you baby. just like the clouds my eyes will do the same. if you walk way, every day it'll rain, rain, rain, raiiin. oooooooo. oooooooo. you claim you can you say you will be the man and close the deals flashy cars pick up all the bills rollin' high but baby still i can tell from how you walk that your boots are just too big and you act like you a player but something in you trigger me and i wanna stay and i wanna see 'cause i'm thinking that we could be one of a kind i, i'll be looking out for you i got your back i do baby the way that we ride i, i know that you're up for me me me 'cause i can keep it together and i can make you better so why you holding back now i see that you're a good boy but there ain't no other girl like i see baby - i'm just one of a kind if it had't been for cotton-eye joe i'ld been married long time ago where did you come from where did you go where did you come from cotton-eye joe  midnight, you come and pick me up no headlights long drive, could end in burning flames or paradise fade into view, it's been a while since i have even heard from you i should just tell you to leave cause i know exactly where it leads but i watch us go round and round each time  you got that james dean day dream look in your eye and i got that red lip classic thing that you like and when we go crashing down, we come back every time. cause we never go out of style we never go out of style  you got that long hair, slicked back, white t-shirt. and i got that good girl faith and a tight little skirt, and when we go crashing down, we come back every time. everyday we rock polos keep the cameras on all day with these raybans, bans tonight we poppin bottles henny and patron, pour it up got the liquor flowing baby go and go and turn me up  i can do this, and i can do that all i needed was some money now i got it by the stack cause we so good, and my team bad one hand up, and now wave it like that we bouncin all around, in towns i never heard of gabriel antonio, they say they never heard of me so i tell em this, and this is how it goes i love the way you wind, and now everybody knows we jump on stage, we do it for the bay we do it for these girls cause they came to hear us sing we jump on stage, we do it for the bay we do it for these girls cause they came to hear us sing cause we so good, and my team bad one hand up, and now wave it like that cause we so good, and my team bad one hand up, and now wave it like that  everyday we rock polos keep the cameras on all day with these raybans, bans tonight we poppin bottles henny and patron, pour it up got the liquor flowing baby go and go and turn me up take my hand, and don't throw back, light, shine, blind, the blond that you throw back. getting kinda old, but don't be cold, space between you legs when you stand on your toes. wasted all my time yeah, i guess i did, the pleasure was the moment i kissed those lips.  take my lips, but don't draw back, don't wann kiss your lips when you blow back, your stomach hurts, but so does mine, i can't even play the ah look at all the lonely people ah look at all the lonely people  eleanor rigby, picks up the rice in the church where a wedding has been lives in a dream waits at the window, wearing the face that she keeps in a jar by the door who is it for  all the lonely people where do they all come from? all the lonely people where do they all belong? oh, oh am i wrong for thinking out the box from where i stay? am i wrong for saying that i choose another way?  i ain't tryna do what everybody else doing just 'cause everybody doing what they all do if one thing i know, i'll fall but i'll grow i'm walking down this road of mine, this road that i call home  so am i wrong for thinking that we could be something for real? now am i wrong for trying to reach the things that i can't see?  but that's just how i feel (ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh) that's just how i feel (ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh) that's just how i feel trying to reach the things that i can't see (ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh ooh)  am i tripping for having a vision? my prediction: imma be on top of the world  i look up at the stars when i get all sad youre trying to tell me things are not that bad only when i am with you can i leave it all behind no, it's not easy but in darkness we all glow  hit me again, i'm all in. i know this hand could break me or take me for all i've got so keep your fingers crossed.  sometimes my heart can't take it and every misstep i make is pulling me away from you tonight, tonight. i'm gonna tell you tonight.  there's not enough money in the world to make me forget you, girl. there's nobody else in the room that makes me feel like you.  there's not enough dollar signs, shining like diamonds in your eyes there's not enough dollar signs, it's you and i it's you and i.  stop me before i do something crazy like losing it all you are the only thing that keeps me steady when i start to fall sign in  somebody that i used to know (feat. kimbra) gotye buy for zar9.99 subscribe now and then i think of when we were together like when you said you felt so happy you could die told myself that you were right for me but felt so lonely in your company but that was love and it's an ache i still remember  you can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness like resignation to the end, always the end so when we found that we could not make sense well you said that we would still be friends but i'll admit that i was glad that it was over into the dawn we've gone across the morning sun four thousand miles, we're going to fly far from the crowd, we left behind until the day has gone  and when the night has come i walk in a mechanical way i talk without a thing to say my voice is processed and modulated controlled by the program infatuated  computerized lay back and relax for a minute it takes a while to regret the pain will soon take over your but hope for a little less than it should  say the words you wanna speak for the minute cause tomorrow might not be ours hope the pain won't eat our souls up cause as we look around us i know they'll say well shady lady whats your problem trying to buy a brand new husband? all i want to know is what happened to your latest ancient wisdom?  she seems like a typical witch to me she seems like a tropical fish to me but you can't kid me its like that back in sydney  no one left to hold  -  if you have never been alone then you've never felt it burn worse than diseases on this earth will we never ever learn  how will we know how will we see where will we go when there is no one left to hold  how will we know how will we see if there is anything to do when there is no one left to hold (x3 x1)x28  from jamaica to the world: it's just love it's just love, ahy!  why must the children play in the streets broken hearts and faded dreams "peace on earth" to everyone that you meet don't you worry, it could be so sweet just look to the rainbow, you will see the sun will shine 'till eternity i've got so much love in my heart no one can tear it apart, yeah  be the love generation yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah be the love generation c'mon c'mon c'mon c'mon, ahy!  (whistling: hu hehu, hahu-hahe hahu-hehu, hehu, ha, hahuhahuha-) imagine there's no heaven it's easy if you try no hell below us above us only sky imagine all the people living for todaywith you, with you  i wish we had another time i wish we had another place  now romeo and juliet bet they could never felt the way we felt bonnie and clyde never had the hide like we do, we do  you and i, both know it can't work it's all fun and games 'til someone gets hurt and i don't, i won't let that be you  now you don't wanna let go and i don't wanna let you know there might be something real between us two who knew?  now we don't wanna fall but we're tripping in our hearts and it's reckless and clumsy 'cause i know you can't love me here  i wish we had another time i wish we had another place i used to bite my tongue and hold my breath scared to rock the boat and make a mess so i sat quietly, agree politely i guess that i forgot i had a choice i let you push me past the breaking point i stood for nothing, so i fell for everything you held me down, but i got up (hey!) already brushing off the dust you hear my voice, you hear that sound like thunder gonna shake the ground you held me down, but i got up (hey!) get ready 'cause i've had enough i see it all, i see it now i got the eye of the tiger, a fighter, dancing through the fire 'cause i am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar louder, louder than a lion 'cause i am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh if a lie as love tell me what you'd do if the people that you knew seemed different to you  if a lie was love all of us would change lives would re-arrange it's really not so strange  what did lies ever do to you, my friend? they're the keepers of truth you're my peace of mind in this crazy world. you're everything i've tried to find, your love is a pearl. you're my mona lisa, you're my rainbow skies, and my only paryer is that you realize you'll always be beautiful in my eyes. the world will turn, and the seasons will change, and all the lesson we will learn will be beautiful and strange. we'll have our fill of tears, our share of sighs. whoa whoa  now listen to me baby before i love and leave you they call me heart breaker i don't wanna deceive you  if you fall for me i'm not easy to please i might tear you apart told you from the start, skin head dead head everybody gone bad situation aggravation everybody allegation in the suite on the news everybody dog food bang bang shock dead everybody's gone mad  all i wanna say is that they don't really care about us all i wanna say is that they don't really care about us  beat me hate me you can never break me will me thrill me you can never kill me jew me sue me everybody do me kick me kike me don't you black or white me  all i wanna say is that they don't really care about us all i wanna say is that they don't really care about us  tell me what has become of my life i have a wife and two children who love me i used to bite my tongue and hold my breath scared to rock the boat and make a mess so i sat quietly, agree politely i guess that i forgot i had a choice i let you push me past the breaking point i stood for nothing, so i fell for everything  you held me down, but i got up (hey!) already brushing off the dust you hear my voice, you hear that sound like thunder gonna shake the ground you held me down, but i got up (hey!) get ready 'cause i've had enough i see it all, i see it now  i got the eye of the tiger, a fighter, dancing through the fire 'cause i am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar louder, louder than a lion 'cause i am a champion and you're gonna hear me roar oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh i feel in luck today the sun is shining in a frak tornado deck chairs are blown away a late night, and a lost labido  it's not unusual it's undeniable it's unbreakable the britsh animal enjoy your sunny spain, coz i don't need no costa freak show!  oh oh oh oh oh it's undeniable oh oh oh oh oh  i don't need a holiday! got it all with you today oh oh oh the great british summer! keep your sun, i got my rain if you get wet, baby i'm preying on you tonight hunt you down eat you alive just like animals animals like animals  maybe you think that you can hide i can smell your scent for miles just like animals animals like animals baby i'm  so what you trying to do to me it's like we can't stop we're enemies but we get along when i'm inside you you're like a drug that's killing me i cut you out entirely but i get so high when i'm inside you  yeah you can start over you can run free you can find other fish in the sea you can pretend it's meant to be but you can't stay away from me i can still hear you making that sound taking me down rolling on the ground you can pretend that it was me but no  baby i'm preying on you tonight hunt you down eat you alive just like animals animals like animals  maybe you think that you can hide i can smell your scent for miles just like animals my oh me, my feet don't fail me now take me to your finish line oh my heart it breaks every step that i take but i'm hoping that the gates, they'll tell me that you're mine walking through the city streets is it by mistake or design i feel so alone on a friday night can you make me feel like home if i tell you you're mine  don't make me sad, don't make me cry sometimes love is not enough and the road gets tough i don't know why keep making me laugh, lets go get high the road is long, we carry on try to have fun in the meantime  come take a walk on the wild side let me kiss you hard in the pouring rain you like your girls insane, you are a getawy car on top of your bed you make my head spin black dress when were done were all acrambeling were friends were driend juat because we move units its such a ahame such a shame i called u one worse they say u wanna walk go walk with your balck dress. at the door blowing a kiss she's careful not to wake her sister knowing that she will be missed it feels a little bad girl on the corner engine running taxi driver sees her coming chilly in the morning sun she seems a little sad  say goodbye she's not afraid of leaving no one by her side and nothing to hang on wave goodbye (goodbye, goodbye) to everything familiar your hand fits in mine like it's made just for me, you can tell the world you never was my girl you can burn my clothes when i'm gone or you can tell your friends just what a fool i've been and laugh and joke about me on the phone  you can tell my arms go back to the farm you can tell my feet to hit the floor or you can tell my lips to tell my fingertips they won't be reaching out for you no more  you shout it out, but i can't hear a word you say i'm talking loud, not saying much i'm criticized but all your bullets ricochet you shoot me down, but i get up  i'm bulletproof, nothing to lose fire away, fire away ricochet, you take your aim fire away, fire away you shoot me down but i won't fall i am titanium you shoot me down but i won't fall i am titanium  i get up and nothin' gets me down you got it tough i've seen the toughest around and i know baby just how you feel you got to roll with the punches and get to what's real  ah, can't you see me standin' here i got my back against the record machine i ain't the worst that you've seen ah, can't you see what i mean?  ah might as well jump (jump) might as well jump i see you driving 'round town with the girl i love and i'm like, 'forget you!'. oo, oo, ooo!  i guess the change in my pocket wasn't enough, i'm like, 'forget you and forget her too!'. said, if i was richer, i'd still be with ya. ha, now ain't that some 'shh'? (ain't that some 'shh'?). and although there's pain in my chest, i still wish you the best with ayeah i'm out that brooklyn, now i'm down in tribeca right next to deniro, but i'll be hood forever i'm the new sinatra, and since i made it here i can make it anywhere, yeah they love me everywhere i used to cop in harlem, all of my dominicano's right there up on broadway, pull me back to that mcdonald's took it to my stashbox, 560 state strett catch me in the kitchen like a simmons with them pastries  cruisin' down 8th street, off white lexus drivin' so slow, but bk is from texas me, i'm out that bed-stuy, home of that boy biggie now i live on billboard and i brought my boys with me say whatup to ty-ty, still sippin' mai tai's sittin' courtside, knicks & nets give me high five nigga i be spike'd out, i could trip a referee tell by my attitude that i'm most definitely from  new york concrete jungle where dreams are made of there's nothin' you can't do now you're in new york (new york!) these streets will make you feel brand new big lights will inspire you let's hear it for new york, new york, new york  catch me at the x with og at a yankee game do i made the yankee hat more famous then a yankee can you should know i bleed blue, but i ain't a crip though but i got a gang of brothers walkin' with my clique though young girl, don't cry i'll be right here when your world starts to fall young girl, it's all right your tears will dry, you'll soon be free to fly  when you're safe inside your room you tend to dream of a place where nothing's harder than it seems no one ever wants or bothers to explain of the heartache life can bring and what it means  when there's no one else look inside yourself like your oldest friend just trust the voice within then you'll find the strength that will guide your way if you will learn to begin to trust the voice within  young girl, don't hide sittin' in the morning sun i'll be sittin' when the evening comes watching the ships roll in then i watch them roll away again, yeah  i'm sittin' on the dock of the bay watchin' the tide roll away, ooh i'm just sittin' on the dock of the bay wastin' time  i left my home in georgia nothing is so good it lasts eternally, perfect situations must go wrong, but this have never yet prevented me, wanting far to much, for far too long,  looking back i could have played it differently, won a few more moments who can tell, but it took time to understand men, now at least i know, i know him well,  wasn't it good, oh so good, wasn't he fine, oh so fine, isn't madness he can't be mine, but in the end he needs a little bit more than me, i don't like cities but i like new york other places make me feel like a dork los angeles is for people who sleep paris and london baby you can keep  other cities always make me mad yeah, you could be the greatest you can be the best you can be the king kong banging on your chest  you could beat the world you could beat the war you could talk to god, go banging on his door  you can throw your hands up you can beat the clock you can move a mountain you can break rocks you can be a master don't wait for luck dedicate yourself and you can find yourself  standing in the hall of fame and the world's gonna know your name cause you burn with the brightest flame and the world's gonna know your name and you'll be on the walls of the hall of fame  you could go the distance you could run the mile you could walk straight through hell with a smile  you could be the hero you could get the gold breaking all the records that thought never could be broke  do it for your people do it for your pride never gonna know if you never even try  do it for your country do it for you name we are happy-go-lucky johnny-come-latelys millionaire beach boys in ten-cent shirts and our pictures are in all the papers we stole a stone, for what it's worth  we are jewel thieves but we're such great guys that it's hard to believe we're so handsome they'll pay the ransom ey ey  well done, welcome to the city you'll become number one with a witty tongue we praise the young have a ball, have it all, do whatever hit the wall, get the call and you better pay there's no other way  throw your pennies in a wishing well might get heaven and you might get hell thunder, lightning ain't that kinda frightening  saints and sinners on the road to fame ain't no winner 'til we know your name black white, flashlight show me what you got  have a good bite out of the city i'm so glad you made time to see me. how's life? tell me how's your family? i haven't seen them in a while. you've been good, busier than ever, we small talk, work and the weather, your guard is up and i know why. because the last time you saw me is still burned in the back of your mind. you gave me roses and i left them there to die.  so this is me swallowing my pride, standing in front of you saying, "i'm sorry for that night," and i go back to december all the time. it turns out freedom ain't nothing but missing you. wishing i'd realized what i had when you were mine. i'd go back to december, turn around and make it all right. i go back to december all the time.  these days i haven't been sleeping, i'm still alive but i'm barely breathing just praying to a god that i don't believe in 'cause i got time while she got freedom 'cause when a heart breaks, no, it don't break even her best days will be some of my worst she finally met a man that's gonna put her first while i'm wide awake, she has no trouble sleeping 'cause when a heart breaks, no, it don't break even, even, no so crack a bottle, let your body waddle don't act like a snobby model you just hit the lotto o-oh o-oh, bitches hopping in my tahoe got one riding shotgun and no not one of em got clothes now where's the rubbers? whose got the rubbers? i notice there's so many of em and there's really not that many of us. ladies love us and my posse's kicking up dust. it's on till the break of dawn and we're starting this party from dusk  oki've been here before but always hit the floor i've spent a lifetime running and i always get away but with you i'm feeling something that makes me want to stay  i'm prepared for this i never shoot to miss but i feel like a storm is coming if i? m gonna make it through the day then there's no use in running this is something i gotta face  if i risk it all could you break my fall?  