today i want change not my life, but my profile image we are not like the new generation, online love ain't give satisfaction  fill my time, love isn't receive a like be my time, in every single minute, every single minute every single minute of my life.  today i will search in you what i cannot find in me we are not like the new generation. online love ain't give satisfaction i won't go on, my soul withers show me a love, that purifies i need your voice, to fuel my lungs i need your strength, to carry on  i'm just a sailor, sailing through despair you are the compass, guiding me to bliss  guide me to still waters lay me down, in green pastours  give me a heart, that will keep beating when my body, can't take no more pain give me your wings, so i can fly when life comes, comes crashing down show me a love, that purifies the darkest corners, in my heart this is the time, to give my life you were the moon and i was a windy child you left too soon but my mind kept growing wild you were always bigger, you were always wiser than me you were the sun and i was the morning dew through eden i shall lead exiled armies of dark divine celestial husks now feed pestilent legions of thine worms of faith we spread plaque chained in bloodline icons of cordial bleed, see sanguine streams entwine you whores of phantom incestuous order, behold! pray! paragon of pregnant night immortalized, besiege! conquer! standing on the edge of reason leaning toward the unfamiliar will this be another season a fading dream that slowly wither away  in my mind i can see this feeling of bliss runaway from things i wont miss drawn to only what could be never really knowing what you mean to me what you mean to me  no matter how close no one really knows the fire that grows if i could only show you something real this time despite of all this emptiness i feel inside cause all i ask of you this time is look beyond the things i said that didn't shine and try to understand the shades of gray and all of my mistakes and tell their man to call us up a better time, its blind sometimes scared as hell and on my own without so much as a telephone questioning every single choice i have made i hang my clothes and i make my bed recall a phrase that my father always said as i embark on this winding, one man parade he said, "waters never part until you get your feet wet." it was heavy on my heart as i stood on the beach at sunset in every other place i feel i'm lost and wandering around but california's where i'm found woke up slow the sky was a different shade of blue did i sleep too long? this early morning can't be true where do i go? this is all unfamiliar and i don't know how but it goes to show we didn't know what we had until now  but if we try to come together all as one to reunite this harmony, love conquers all was it worth the fight? [chapter one]  by the end of the hall they creep just waiting to confront me all these years i have believed what i have seen  oh what they do i do not know time will pass or time will show in this dead-white hall i'm passing cold  i walk the end of 9  white turns to black, i walk the end of 9 we're letting it out. the wildest shout. we're showing our teeth. we're perfectly fine. these white walls hurt my eyes and show me the reason why it is that the caged bird sings: they miss all the seasons. they don't feel safe inside what they have been given. they don't feel satisfied being able to look through the bars and the world outside. there is blood on our hands tonight. so this is where the world lies behind the son of man, now go, sell your soul, for this world will offer nothing. well i have invented angels of my own. they are false and untrue. how could you ever think you know anything about the things that i do anything about the music i play and anything about the things i'm up to  because you heard some people talk about me when you walk down the street that doesn't mean you know anything about me but you think you know about me  you see me as what you wanna see me it's sad for you because i'm a never gonna be anybody except who i wanna be but never ever who you expect me to be  you heard what the people chat, what the people say see me how i act, but i just play you heard the rumours and believe them we've been over these hills before and at the top there was a door the door was black and it had no knob a cliff laid on its other side  so we walked to the edge just to see where it led the cliff fell apart when you took your next step and we walked to the edge just to see where it led the cliff fell apart and the door took me in  honestly i'd rather die i'd rather spend the better part of my life snow angel in the dark a rally no one hears about she's driving through the snow forgetting all the kids she used to know we're back in '69 she hears some fresh faced-kid declare that she wasn't quite alive she knows were a bit of deep shit this time she said  oooh i came for peace and walked away with nothing ooh i'll try at least and maybe i'll learn something accordion solo: renato borghetti  beyond the nights of running centuries i'm looking for my precious bride must say, take care and run away from me! visions from past come by  feel it before memories of the past have come i remember the days of 95 you would leave me in the morning somewhere 'round 9 now it seems like the things we said was food for thoughts that we had wrong, but now, we really have got going back in 95 we would fill up the days that we had in mind i would follow the tears at night of mistress and mrs's on my mind thrice now but beyond numerating the illusions of necrony hallucinated intoxified death dreams fulfill fixation narcotic born and breed time bomb sleeper agents [deepset in brain depths] disgust, contempt for the air you breathe soulless, coward you're a fucking disease with every ounce of strength that i've got left i won't stop until you feel what i feel  no one will save you now who would save you?  focus now if only for a moment to collect the thoughts i've become the instrument of death your face stares back now, blank and lifeless  your eyes betray that glimmer of fear my simple mind cannot understand my feeble faith cannot comprehend your grace by the blood of the lamb i'm made white like the snow by the stripes on his back, the father i now know your grace, your grace, how it covers me i'm justified now i'm redeemed by the blood of the lamb the lamb who was slain now i'm redeemed by the blood of the lamb the lamb who was slain rather than a boat tossed about by the sea i like a tree firmly planted will be by your grace by the nails through your body atonement was made for those who believe, who believe on your name when a dream pulls a dark curtain over me when the misery of a day disappears somewhere in the darkness tired thoughts wander off they leave to rest in a garden that exists somewhere in the night there's no need to be afraid in the thick fog of nightmares sank all the fear and terror reality sank so stop your search for you shall find nothing so is the time and so am i is this shift enough to cause a landslide? am i a fool? am i a king? or just a man on his way to do the right thing? what about it makes it so hard to say? some times you fool around get caught, too late  gonna get there soon gonna get there soon in the heat of the night if i don't take you seriously if i can laugh at your randomness if i can have a little fun baby if i can only feel my bliss if i can ignore my conscience and reject my angry guide if i can take my soul out of hiding and get it right back to reviving what had died i wanna be alivewhatever tomorrow holds through thick and thin i'll never fall on this road to the unknown i'll never step back i'll open closed doors i'll walk the way until the end of the road i'm not gonna resign with that obsession stuck in my mind i'll never let this future be my own failure  as a promise to resist i'll get by as a promise to persist i'll rise feels like being stabbed by many knives stripped of life and painfully traumatised, again nailed, impaled felt to be flayed alive darkest part of my own mental life, again burns like hell inside of me, kick me down again can't function anymore i have no soul to feed mankind the false of humanity tolerated scum of the earth fools destined to die by the truth i command and you will submit my orders invade kill destroy i command and you will die forgotten  i am the leader of chaos the conqueror supreme i command for blood and war armageddon to come forth  we're pretty diamonds pouring out all dancing on massive flowers like horses pouring down and where could we go? [kane] real niggas feel each other but the media would rather see us kill each other so fuck it i'm gon' give y'all motherfuckers what y'all want  chorus throw your hood and your rag in the air i thought i told you bitch we don't care x2  [kane] i stopped this motherfucker like traffic full of greens, cornbread and cabbage serve fiends and attics to support my weed habit niggas running so fast they kicking they own ass i swoles the ak matic on my foles i blast stayed up all night counting a million in cash kane & abel and p down south representing with that nigga from the west i think i'm gonna be sad, i think it's today, yeah the girl that's driving me mad is going away she's got a ticket to ride, she's got a ticket to ride, she's got a ticket to ride, but she don't care she said that living with me is bringing her down yeah for she would never be free when i was around she's got a ticket to ride, she's got a ticket to ride, she's got a ticket to ride, but she don't care half white & half tan abandoned by a man the rains came and swept away this tiny little furry man  walking down by the waterside wanna hold you and i knew yes i knew it's always you i want to be with you pretty face eyes girl angel i would die if i don't have you i would die without you 8hey hey hey hey yeah hey hey hey hey yeah hey hey hey hey yeah hey hey hey hey yeah  stand up, you don't have to be afraid get down, love is like a hurricane street boy, no i never could be tamed better believe it, yeah  guilty till i'm proven innocent whiplash, heavy metal accident rock on, i wanna be president 'cause i love it  loud, i wanna hear it loud right between the eyes loud, i wanna hear it loud don't want no compromise  turn it up, hungry for the medicine two fisted till the very end no more treated like aliens we're not gonna take it  no lies, no more alibis she said, "you got a lovely daughter pride and joy of her handsome father" she said, "go to bed son, you're much too young by the time you're old, i'll be dead"  we got to go out, i said "momma yah" we got to go out, i said "momma yah" we got to go out  younger girls are alright but can i be with you tonight, love? when i go out when i stay home gotta get some love alright  when i get high on the down low gotta have some fun tonight  little booga bear come around my chair wen i'm sippin from the honey pot the little bird can shake a tail feather when she's nesting perched on top  where'd i go right? where'd i go wrong? when was that night it started on? a lousy joke has been told being double crossed never gets old blame it's not your fault shame but you deserve it wolf in sheep's clothing it's a time where poets without tongues mouth the words that can't be sung into deaf ears that yearn to hear the words you speak of a wife that loves until she cheats  can we forgive ourselves? one thousand days for each one are you ready for what is to come? have you prepared your heart? don't wait until the last second  you reap what you sow don't sow wrongful oats no matter what you will get what is yours, go  looking for an alien road, unbeaten paths, uncharted maps. opposite solutions and endpoints, rituals and roles.  the older we get the more time we spend watching oil burn from our lanterns. keep today closer than tomorrow, closer than next week, closer than next year. abso'fucking'lutely it's 666 it makes me sick and it goes round and round in my head to toes way to go, i suppose c'mon baby i'll take us to paradise we were two that felt like one days alone there were only some always prepared our drinks we shared same smokes same style same hair remember the days remember the days when we could say i don't need abuse i need no time to choose together we're always amused remember the days remember the days they were never the same not the same not the same never the same our cars only had two seats through the cold in the air i breathe the fear you're feeling i can't come down it's gone too far oh, i can't come down it makes no sense just wasted words oh, i can't come down i've tried to come to terms with it all has it really gone this far love suspended frozen in a jar i never did belong you got nothing you got nothing to say there's nothing in your head but your mouth keeps flapping anyway you better stop, stop, stop, stop look and listen you better stop, stop, stop, stop look and listen  nothing on your mind but your mouth keeps yapping on the back of a pack of matches, i wrote a letter today. with a bottle of kerosene, i toast to the bourgeoisie. tonight, they say everything's gonna be okay. tonight, they say, everything's gonna be alrightset out all your five cent drinks and cool the carafe for the apple or the lemonade stay up on the right hand curb in case a cop become a siren run a light and off you girl i know that summer's slowing down but lift your chin up off the ground i'm sorry i had to sleep so late my god has five o'clock already come and gone?  baby blue* in the kitchen sun you stand oh your shoulders, oh your hands your weekend plans trapped in the orbit of your bed as your heart pounds in your head like a prisoner left for dead if he were only dead  these quiet conversations you've been having with yourself jane has no love (jane has no love) jenna jenna's got not love (she's got no love) she sits down listening to her tapes (even me i don't have any love) she takes a taste but doesn't take  when it's wrong it's right and it's wrong tonight  the lion eats the wildebeast (chop chop) the lion eats the wildebeast in spain the lion eats the wildebeast (chop chop) the lion eats the wildebeast in spain  jane she wants to run away away from the pirhanas away from the pirhanas a room full of water. with blood dripping from the walls. you'd better own up to your own worst convictions. and get this one thing through your skull; so fire the interrogation, we never talked at all. you forget everything, you never met me. the darkest time in my life feeling lost, where can i hide the downward spiral in which i am fucking leads me to the damned  deep down i float in apathy all black that's called misery a misteryadepted to the unity of black cracked in the jaws of death the earth is not my daughter the earth is not my son the earth is not my home our peace is gone kill division fighting a red light coming, marching you can hear. a drummer boy is drumming, all you feel is fear. a brigade of young men running, you can see that they are near. first shots fired are stunning, and our eyes, they leak a tear.  to dieloose wit da truth. nothing but lies. loose wit da truth. told nothing but lies. [boulton/marsh/wiggins]  i don't know why people act this way i don't know why people lie to your face following you, following me, following everyone shady politician with his head up his ass tells you all your troubles ain't to do with class it's been so long, been so long, since i had trust in you  foolish young visionary your proximity to the corrupt epicenter razes your walls of morality walls of protection or fire clouds pass through a snow filled night reflecting frames eyes of diamond shine standing alone you feel the shiver cold naked and stoned in frozen winds of sorrow  you take every breath it burns your heart dead you drain your life now silent death renown  laugh while you may now who are you with dance while you may now i wonder can i weather the storm? been fighting since the day i was born i've always had a right to be wrong i wish i knew that all along  force of fate can't tear me down time & tide won't wear me down i've had more than my fair share all this wear & tear  bright are the stars that shine in somebody else's sky green is the grass that grows some place different  more possibilities, more than you offer me more than i care to see, from a distance i was certain that the truth would be in a place that kept illuding me but every stone turned and unturned again would only serve to prove i never had to move to find you  give me wisdom father to son give me wisdom father to son for your love and knowledge insight of direction a certain connection of love and protection my eyes get heavy give me your voice and strength (give me wisdom father to son) my voice grows weak to help protect and love (give me wisdom father to son) i will not fall the rain then hits my face (for your love and knowledge insight of direction) for i'm reborn a state of mind body and soul (a certain connection of love and protection) live and breathe feel the rain shower me like the ocean breeze winds guide me with a (spirit) traveling watching over me give me wisdom father to son give me wisdom father to son for your love and knowledge insight of direction a certain connection of love and protection facing west from shores setting sun further still (give me wisdom father to son) of land yet unfound subsequent exploitation (give me wisdom father to son) for we are together to protect all we love (for your love and knowledge insight of direction) for we are one blessed are those, who don't feel the same. i'm a living freak, can't wash away my stain. devil is laughing in front of my face. this is my own nightmare, evil rat race. i can't help myself doing these things. someone else is pulling my strings!  snow, white, skin, young, flesh is my sin. judge me! and another one bites the dust but why can i not conquer love? i might have thought that we were one why not fight this war without weapons? and i want it and i wanted it bad but there were so many red flags now another one bites the dust and let's be clear, i trust no one  you did not break me i'm still fighting for peace  well i've got thick skin and an elastic heart but your blade it might be too sharp i'm like a rubber band until you pull too hard but i may snap when i move close but you won't see me move no more 'cause i've got an elastic heart it's hard to sleep at night. when i close my eyes, flashbacks haunt my mind. truth be told, i'm not the sameso many times, you give in just a little bit false hopes and compromise, but don't you give in to it no rhyme or reason, it's all just a state of mind then when the pressure's on you dull your senses and drink yourself blind there's only so much you can take before you're drowning in heartache i need your love, babe, more and more sail me out tot the distant shore  love is strong you've got your finger on the pressure zone love is strong i'm just a lone wolf on my own  don't like it when you call me precious coming out, it sound so vicious don't like it when you're sympathizing with your eyes so patronizing never say never you never thought i wouldn't need you and neither did i no more co-dependence don't like it when you call me precious coming out, it sound so vicious don't like it when you're sympathizing with your eyes so patronizing never say never you never thought i wouldn't need you and neither did i no more co-dependence no more mending fences it all leads to bad dreams when you walk by, i turn out my light. this lock-lipped silence, it proves i'm right that there's no place for the shallow hopes of young entertainment. this is not my fault. all of a sudden the end's in the air and we're crying. (oh, my boy, you'll keep trying.) the fables came true, there were strings up above that we could not fight. (oh, our love is true.) and odin sent his warriors - the army of the dead called einherjer! our optics failed us once again in hopes to find the perfect lens our signals read not what we meant our crosshairs tangled like a web  (and) we wont reach our aims (if) our scars lose their shape (and) our hearts will not break if they're lit ablaze  set the charge  to take a stand against the floor i'm so lost, it's hard to find a way out of frustration, depression anyway but where to go i'm full of aggressions against myself and all my posessions many people are standing in my way they're never listening to what i have to say do you know how it feels to bleed do you know what your actions breed i look at you and i see trouble i blink my eyes now i see double two turn to four and now it's a war do you know what you're fighting for hatred and whoa uh oh, whoa uh oh, whoa uh oh whoa whoa uh oh, whoa uh oh, whoa uh oh ohh  we're the walking wounded a claustrophobic team on the cutting edge of losing everything you never stop moving i'm tangled in apathy you're all wrapped in plastic in little fantastic ways  but i love you anyway  out of the way the weight of the world whoa uh oh, whoa uh oh, ohh out of the way the weight of the world whoa uh oh, whoa uh oh, ohh  the damage you've done it won't be erased but when you're not here i miss the tragedy i got a cage i need to break out crashed your town to kill my doubts i've got his name carved into my back crossed the equator when you attacked  your target your guns your laws fucking my love i'm ready for the relay  shallow life seemed to be scarred wasting away don't know who you are aimlessly leading your visions are blurred foolishly acting you seem so absurd!  the path is walked walking on glass barefoot through life blood will flow fast no direction surrounded by lost being ignorant at any fucking cost  talking your shit none that is true choosed to be the offensor of christ evil, disgusting and bloody mind he was belched forth of hell to torment the son of godthis is such a drag i can't handle what's going on i'm taking my time when really i'm ready, to let it all swallow me whole. i can't forget this now, even though it's far too late, and i know somewhere, somehow, i'll keep making the same mistake.  oh she's beautiful, and i know that she'll never learn and i know that i'm useless, i'm through, i'll be hours, i'm still gonna crash and burn saw them dancing in your eyes like shadows in the night doing pirouettes around the stars we were running in a haze i remember every shade hit my veins and they shot up sparks words fell from your lips and all i heard was white noise in the dark but when you looked away i remember every shade so let your colors run tonight we're painting in the dark you fall slowly drawing dots there in the sky like stars like stars like stars and as a shadow covering fields as a piano over flutes you cover all you cover all with your shining glare in your presence everything use to bow and disappear your power rise to summit touching, falling, down on the world views fade away to lines leveling the differences human pride is defeated i saved that could be saved there is no second chance for all these little things, like love, hate and desire my lust for life owns death no afterlife  like thunder my engine roars my heart is strong like lightning my presence strikes for you i long  behold this blacktooth grin so fierce, evil and grim sentimental moments that tear your heart apart the time to heal is now, or never  i wouldn't mind if you told me i was wasting time  it's hard for me here trying to say these things with you so near i'm already undone, already undone now is the time i should leave these useless things behind but fool that i am, i try to stay inside of your latest plan  i'm already undone  this time i promised myself that i wouldn't sink so far but here i am, i'm wrapped around you in the glow of this empty bar i wish i could hold my tongue and finally say goodnight. looking into your eyes i know the reason why you say to me i'll meet you at the side of the road sometime you could never break me you could never swim against the tide i find it all a little hard i find it all so hard this way to all of my love this way, the dark heavens above this way to all of your dreams this way to honey and cream one step and your are undone one kiss to what i've become one touch to raise you to lust this way to return you to dust  underneath this moon the dawn will come too soon underneath this moon don't hesitate, it's already too late  one sip from my cup of wine one sip to touch the divine never been this wasted never felt so broken you don't wanna taste it wish i'd never woken never been so wasted never felt so fucked you don't wanna taste it wish i'd never woken runnin' like an ungreased engine goin' straight but stiff, with tention as if colorado boulders started falling on my shoulders  that man was stupid and he hand himself another man was wise but he shot his head - real good better way out then to rot in dread he has been wasted, broken real good - real good  you play the game, you love the fame you got to stop, you've got enough the price is high, the fortune smiles the double stake, the strife is vile, please open your books follow the passages and highlight the ones where i save you isn't it better when the stories come true?  i went back and forth i went back and forth mental pictures of the hallway and the front door writing a report with these things of yours i've got your details and your facts  wide awake, please wake up, i'm wide awake there are a lot of things you never say i read between the lines i admit at times i've been unclear i'm coming clean this time next year  they say the more you love the less you know and there are places we should never go and things i should not have to know about  call it in the air stop pretending like you care just take it all or leave it there [solo: landin]  for twenty thousand years the search for answers has been on and some have come to think that they have found one  they're convinced that their religion is the one possessing all the answers and everyone else has failed  humble priests why are you the chosen ones? can it be true that the rest is doomed? are we unrighteous, all of us that are not enlightened? what is the price i must pay for that bliss?  i will never regret my view of life it's impossible to choose  yesterday's behind me in a yellow cab pulling out a pocket full of cash a shadow in the rain a spark inside the brain catches a glimpse of glasses and a fake mustache never far behind never far behind never far from raising all the shadows in my mind  yesterday is riding on a microwave heading for the not-so-distant sun like static in the air you'd never know it's there until you think to turn the power on never far away never far away never far from turning all the blues and greens to grey  yesterday is acting like a sycophant forgive me. been sorry for the past, sorry for the war, sorry for the pain, for the day i was born, sorry for the punishment i dealt to my kin, sorry for the mud i was wallowing in.  but in change could be admission of regret, oh, and i don't know if i'm readynobody loves you like i love you nobody loves you like i do yeah i'm gonna show you, i'm gonna show you nobody loves you like i do yeah i'm gonna take you in my arms i'm gonna show you right from wrong early in the morning, late in the evening early in the morning, late in the evening i was told we once were a monkey even more, previously an insect or a fish destined to become a part of a great society  although this may be a seducing story, i believe that time has come to leave the lapse of memory our true origins we will remember to understand the beginning  could the soul be the missing link?  don't sit & pray, refuse! resist! refuse the mason's treachery! resist to tv mental slavery! wake up, take a good look around.  make sure nobody dared to announce just what you were waiting for.  pack up, all your shoes and your clothes, good luck leaving the garage door unlocked, it's time to get out, there's no more air to breathe.  i don't know, what you doing to string me along, i like my women like i like my money in my pocket i can't say anything nice so i might as well smile at the picture in my wallet i like my bruises clean my bruises fresh my bruises days old she is the opposite of sex but the opposite of sex is still better than love  i walk right past his window when the light is growing dim he looks away from me and as i glance in at him he owns one bed, one bookcase and the television he sits and watches and i'm glad i'm not there with him  there was a time when he was young there was a time when he had no time to regret what he'd done there are six men on the ground floor hardcore greedy, greedy man loud with the ladies mister arrogant mister arrogant mister arrogant never ending sagas and such enemy of mr. mcgruff  you never know when the energy fades and the days turns into sorrow all that's left is a dying shade can you feel the kiss of horror?  chorus  devastated your falling down your body's an empty shell u're job is such a drag and the man who is the boss tries to kill u every day  u're piece of shit broke down and u're stuck out on the road when all u wanted was to get home  it seems the world is going crazy today but don't be scared, don't be scared  u belong to me even with your dirty shirt i know how much you are worth cause u belong to me  piercing frequencies strike hard the tranquil heart. the gold of hope, drifting so far apart. beyond my reach, ripping so terribly. into the skin, the flesh of humanity. tear at the wounds, uncover the nakedness. bitter and cold, the pain that will never rest. within me, watching it as it grows. within you, seeing it all unfoldwhen the dawn of dying cries through the shrines of aeon everlasting foul disguise mocked by contrasts disunion sudden silence, irresolution appears all alone passing life through forever, tribulation is gone nothing left to be scared of nothing more to be scarred from, right? that's right no more left to withstand but i'm bored with the wrist to the hand. so sad, so sad no one left to abuse you already lost in vein your rights? no rights i've got an idea how to can't believe this is all there is. i know, i know so i have to assume that no one's leaving this room alive, or at least unaltered  ultra-personal prophecy between chaos and harmony between birth and genocide between them and me "i" am nowhere  please let me be somewhere please let me be someone  here nothing remains i am the nameless shadow searching for his soul  bring me light give me your night lead me, it must be something bring me light give me your night lead me, there must be something  i want to live, i want to die i just want to be at your side but the symphony ends always to early without a single sigh