the hunt for red october smoulders, tornado alley relax. something tells me summer ain't coming this year or the next.  on a mission, mission impossible.  what if you don't come back, will i still be your man? will i still be your man? will i still be your man? will i still be your man? break it down to me you really think it's all that easy you shouldn't even waste your time and don't you feed the lines with all your shit cause ignorance makes easy critics media with wrong direction i will not apologize for things i've done and i can't breathe between your walls they're painted and they're tall won't mode to fit your will won't bark before the kill won't give you the satisfaction of knowing you are through the only instance of your poor judgement would be to mistrust it there is a bridge where my hope stands naked and afraid gazing to the falls below 200 feet of gravity's all that separates from where my faith broke long ago and it's all i can do to keep from shouting "jump" and my dirties thoughts are to laugh as i shove him off i am a captive to myself to no one else we walk hand in hand through dark hallways with no end  i sit in his corner waking to the silence in your voice waking to the light, i'll now rejoice knowing everything could come undone and knowing that you and i will be one  this day is dragging on, why don't you die? the nights are carried on by blackened sky forever has no end but has a start forever your love will not fall apart i know that your love all i have is gone let me in and i'll take you away tonight i'm all alone i know the chance is gone with the day i know the chance is gone with the day i cry, help me, i'm afraid help me, i'm afraid, she's gone i try to hold the love with me to hold the love with me, she's gone she's gone, she's gone i'm alone see the front of your house lights snakes took all the rooms with a view, anyway where you hung onto bad times and threw us in the lake just to sink, anyway  with a mouth full of poison with a mouth full of poison we go back a long way i want to follow you home if you are walking alone in my neighborhood oh no i'm not insecure two stops to the methadone clinic is all i'm really asking for but that system is flawed we can do terrible terrible things if you believe and i keep believing that the system is flawed well we already have  where were you when i was young? when i could still fall in love with anyone oh no and i'm not really sure whatchoo gonna do when you come to this town? whatchoo gonna say, turn right back around, and go off, to where you came from. it's a mystery, i don't have a clue, who the fuck i am, who the fuck are you? you're lost, but not forgotten.  you walk away, you never stay, nothing ever seems to stay the same with you, don't take advice from anyone. predictable is your middle name. try to live life is not just a game. the people are taken serious.  whatchoo gonna do? whatchoo gonna say? nothing ever goes my way, but we're gonna bring it back to the good times, in my life. i am a sandbag to the flood fairweather friends will drown in blood this will be the way to self destruct something really big is on the cusp  are you someone else  open up your mouth and make a sound heavy f***ing armor will bring you down not collected i am keen if we keep a secret we keep it clean  you are someone else we embrace we unite forever  cold and bare fields astral ice swept by wind thoughts fly among clouds and darkness to find my lost heart i'm the new oedipus, fate plays with me but i will follow you until the sun will cease to breathe 9, 9, 8, 8, 7, 7, 6, 6 (turn the page) turn the page, now (it's 1978, it's 1978) 9, 9, 8, 8, 7, 7, 6, 6 (turn the page, turn the page) turn the page now (it's 1978, it's 1978) turn (turn on the telephone) i don't give a damn, turn (turn on the telephone) 9, 9, 8, 8, 7, 7, 6, 6 (turn the page) turn the page, now (it's 1978, [incomprehensible]) turn (turn on the telephone) i said turn (turn on the telephone) the mist spins a dance in my wake through the streets tonight in my thoughts of you i am regret, still you are cold moonlight (then one morning baby) without a call you go (fly away lil farther) with all the ice and snow (leave me hangin here) how could i hope to understand what i can't know  the tides pass the moon moonlight cannot be made it shines down so true how can it fade away  i know evil's name. i've seen it's face. it doesnt look like you. trapped in your own mind. hiding from them. hiding from harm. one by one by one the choice was made. motherhood decides a woman's fate? do you despise her? will you avenge her? time capsule time capsule time capsule that we share  tales on your [?] raining down the [?] young mollie dressed up to take the food for  that microwave, she couldn't boil an egg that microwave, the smoke alarm was going off like that microwave, she couldn't boil an egg that microwave, smoke alarm was going off like  [?] yeah i kinda have to murray's money's on the cuffs and gigi's getting all her kit back  time capsule when the pile of the partiesi smoked while everyone else was on fire i've run when everyone else was too tired i've found hearts that burn with desire i've found hearts that don't give a damn  today is not enough for me i want them all  one last kiss til' the next time then i'll be back down the road just what i'll find baby i just don't know the joker s on the left of me, the vulture s on my right it seems to me that there s no end in sight my quiet den is crowded with the screams of rescue me but i am hoping no one else will see  the lion in the basement starts to sing its somber tune warning me that confrontation looms ooohh introduce the busters 2009 i still hearin' thoughts of war temper our ambitions and bring us back to reality let the carcass stand as a joyful reminder: our hope was a phase  with hope's remains plastered on the wall we worship the fall, oh how we worship the fall eden was only a dream we worship the fall, oh how we worship the fall  horror comes to life as we watch our dreams grow faint i feel embarrassed for ever believing i'm spitting some new excuses, building a desert to relieve myself and wasting all my wild cards cleaning the same spots that don't exist  men see patterns in the stars since the ancient times, but to look at the sky often makes us forget to behold the ground.  oh hear me, shining mother star, give me some light in the starry night, shineyou stood beside me and we held our ground. when i look back i really don't know how we ever made it, but we did. i never wanted it to be like this. caught up in everything that makes me sick. was gonna run, but chose to stay.  one thread. one pull. unravel.  black and white are grey tonight. this shivering assembly barely hides our motives go somewhere i can hear you talk don't forget you can learn to walk through walls let's play music for comedians and ghosts who appear in the light of day who call, to say  we will call you alouette we will call you alouette we will call you alouette yo break it down! every body left and right! breaaaaaak ittt dowwnnnnnnyou taste like sugar, oh it taste so sweet. we we're walking under beauty and under the leaves. as we kissed like legend under old oak tree, we were sitting on a bench "will you marry me?" the wind blew across my face. it blew dust up like we were out on the desert plains. you're holding back you always have with your careful choice of words and obstacles make damn well sure that you're learning from the past when no one is around anymore who will listen close to your voice? and distance all your love and support you stole a key brought it down to the river well my heary you srt free the monsters started to shiver mind in fog, spinning about walking alone, through a forest of doubt searching for reason, proud and frail running in circles but can't find the trail emotions are blended, spinning inside chaos with peace, humilty and pride feelings suppressed, so hard to know which feelings to hide, which feelings to show troubles are false, troubles are real butterflies and their friends they all laugh and they pretend to be dead as night, dead as night in the noontime pesky birds they build their nests with ribbons tied around their chests you ask them how they're going; they seem just fine  i'm a time bomb steer away from steer away from me, girl  my body is numb; anaesthetised chubby and dead; i get surprised feels like the world's against us today karma's flying got a sting in her tail a new best friend has let me down so badly seems like a year and this feels like a hole sitting with the sun in the slats on my wall bumps in the carpet the threat of despair i've left the whole world under there my loneliness shines out my . out of sight out of mind too soon it came i had to leave my land my mystic woods, the hills and the fields i had to leave my beloved one couldn't ride to the forest again  my dream i'll come to you someday in these years with the wind i will come when you gave up to cry  my dear here i swear i'll appear in the night i don't really wanna scream or shout but it's got me riled and i wanna tell you all about this, and how it seems to me. if i was yellow, well i'm turning myself red. if you place it safe then the only thing you change is your head, and that's not enough.  we have been raising hell and god knows we've all seen it. grass turns to sand but you don't care. too dumb to ask why too numb to break down and cry too dumb to feel high too numb to reason why you die infected by a lovely one i've got a cracklab in my basement i'm a shining example of a junior acheivement cooking up drugs on my chemistry set twenty-seven grand a week is what i get  [chorus:] i've got a cracklab in my basement please don't tell my mommy on me i've got a cracklab in my basement every kid needs a hobby  dear holly i apologize i've been telling lies & you've gotten wise  oh holly i never meant you harm it's just romance & charm with somebody new  & i'm sorry that you fell but you should have known just as well shortbus - mutilated lips (ween cover)  i lick my brain in silence rather squeeze my head instead midget man provoking violence listen not to what i said  i said please calm it down everything is turning brown time birthed spilled blood for to mine as oil yours running against your wall let us blackmail you car pretty scars the clock's been ticking for quite some time are we able to withdraw and who should take the fall  take me right back to this time when you held my hand and told me everything was alright i mean alright as okay could i use this standard phrase i really don't belong you coughed me up way hard yet you tricked me from the start  have you seen that guy in black (that's me i hope you realise that he is bad for you sweetie) should i've known this from the start (this guy in front as though his girl i'll tell her that you said hello)  pleas don't ask me why i keep on loving you yeah jason, i've heard a lot of fucking talk about this fucking show, you knowtrue, found out what was truth this is my last goodbye, fact and fiction always trips up you well you can see with your eyes this one coming in the day that she decided was to quit had enough and that was it you surrendering control what about wounds in your soul looking forward to her light sunrise she slipped away in front of your eyes these walls you build won't save you from us my name is disaster, i'm a part of who you are now  and even though you can sleep safe and sound tonight you know i'll be near, biding time, waiting to be released  the situation's out of hand disinformation spreads across the land distracted clamoring masses demanding bread and circuses and eating right out of their hands  look out! cause the coast is never clear. and the air is thick with fear time flies by, day to day i start to question decisions made i see old friends don't understand what lies ahead already planned apprehensive insecurity torn between two realities stuck in a rut 9 to 5 scared to death if i'll survive can i continue to chase my dreams or will it catch up to me problems i don't want to face to disappear without a trace things got to move, got to grow, got to change stand to the rules to make out and stand the pace life's got to rush, to show off, to amaze well, that's a must to make out and stand the pace tied carrots dangle since we're in to pay for these times are changing, things are moving fast sky is falling and overwhelms the past times are changing and i'm afraid to fall behind time outruns me, life is passing me by sick to approve, to bow low, to arrange everything is just fine, i'm five my mind is taking me for a ride. it's like an open door, so i leave. let the creatures on the paper speak for me. i wish you could see.  it's a whale versus nine tigers it's a whale versus nine tigers how don't you understand how don't you understand this terrible writhe i rot away oh, hear my prayer my soul is trying to slip away  ishe's a stupid bitch, and i hate her fucking brother! she's a stupid bitch, and i wish i never met her. i hate her fucking guts and her family fucking sucks. all that i wanted was to get away for a while i got a cheap flight and i was good to go less than an hour in the air i felt it deep inside i felt the earth come closer and closed my eyes i can't look  i'm falling i'm falling i'm falling and there's no one to catch me  i'm falling (i'm calling) i'm falling (i'm calling) i'm falling (i'm calling) no one's gonna catch me!  what did i do to deserve this? sysuphus pushed a rock heres looking at you kid i know what you did i know who you are your never going to get that far  see, your just some punk rock kids going to a show cause we love to see the bands that we all love and know no, you wont understand, no you cant comprehend oh we try, try to be like you we could try so hard, something we wouldnt do we could, we could try to walk away walkin away, till the end of the day  if youve got the dances we have got the answers we've got the shit you wont even recognise but we'd be walkin away till the end of thei wanna be your superstar oh my girl .listen superstar superstar superstar star superstar superstar superstar star mitsumeru hitomi shakunetsu no flash natsu no taiyo denkosekka no supido kimi o esukoto ah ah summer time love deatta futari hajimatte yuku story ok we got shout like a eeey-oh! kiss and dancing eeey-oh! you are my girl girl moete get down down aegete boom boom sawaide ai ni isoide me mu kuramu hodo ni mabushi superstar superstar superstar star i don't give a fuck about nicaragua i don't give a shit about the president i don't care about suburban white kids trying to show they've got compassion politics are boring politics are fucking boring philosophizing propoganda spewing where's it goin' down? i need the number 46th and somethin' i don't remember we went to a thing there last september but now it's the summer now it's the summer  everybody's moving your shirt is sticking to you your friends are in the back room they're not sharin' their booze  i don't know anybody here i don't know anybody  here she came up to me grabbed me by my sleeves i got a six pack in the back forget about this party are not the joys of mornin' sweeter than the joys of night and all the vigorous joys of youth bred as we among the mountains how the sailor understands the divine intoxication of the first league out from land endless sea i've chosen vast and desolate it may seem but it's the way we all choose to go, the idea not the dream  the sun burns me back to consciousness on the deck on which i slept i don't want to get up i don't want to go though no one here's inept they've all gone their separate ways, all separate ways to home won't let me alone your constant monotone i'm trash, i know it's true hey, kids, move over another year and getting nowhere all the fights and all the restless nights so sad when you're not buying from what you're buying into (for liv)  long time gone, hither and yon how we gonna pay the rent? (so what?) rice and beans, limited means our last paycheck is spent (oh shit!) get a job or two or three or four and never sleep sleep's overrated anyway and this hole we've dug is deep  but there'll be a new day a time when everything's turning out okay loose strings tied up and debts paid we'll have nothing to do  we'll walk through the streets of this town like we own them now, it's time to rock. lost in the love. stuck in a song. darling, darling, don't lead me on. it's not your fault. if you love me or you don't. darling, darling. don't lead me on. darling, whatever you do, don't try to keep me if i can't keep you. this apartment is falling apart and i can't figure out where to start setting things right it's been the worst part of a year since you turned a cartwheel in here and said your goodbyes  decorate the tower of ides in metal and flesh. we conclude your measurements to be correct.  oh you noble souls. you have one task left. it's a selfless call to arms, for a betterment.  it's not that bright. we call it day, but it's really night.  it's not that bright. we call it strength but its really fright of youdon't hide your anger in the depth of soul don't look at people thinking they're just waste  murderous thoughts settled in your head and friends you love so much fight against you this sound is the sound of death not because it's loud or sad but because my mind is dead  i hear voices but they don't even say to kill myself i hear voices but they aren't saying a thing  slip the glove upon my hand for the ants to soothe the pain of something else. the stings are fading in, not striking me as same, but indian.  been rubbing salt in sores to wash away the heat. is it indian? and as my eyes begin to cloud i acknowledge i've been beat. or indian.  we'll be drinkin in the streets tonight this fucked up world is gonna be alright it's another day to get drunk i'm just a ripperside punk trying in this fucked up world i live in it don't mean i got no class so fuck your mom right up her ass cuz i don't give a fuck as long as i'm drinkin "i gotta get drunk before the day begins life contains many headaches like a stroll in the desert, without a map we're forced to choose the most pleasant path we can find towards oblivion  don't listen to what they say the rise and fall of third reich and america futures never fade damn the fray the gods are dead now who's responsible in 2000 we'll invent this new disguise to love and destroy the new millennium  a call to arms brothers are we on? they'll kill us all in one the beautiful ones will stand up singing no well i'm starting to be free of this. if i would have died would that have made the rest better? a canary in a coal miner's cage, the last one to go not yet a red letter day. last night i fell asleep to air. in the morning i'll wake up to my lungs filled with clutter. will i ever breathe again? i've never known threre're stairways for more  and i'm never gone it's just the way it's now  i stayed all alone now just stand here in light i have been listening, such an ancient song my eyes are closed but i never sleep i felt transparent and saw that lash on your eyes you waved me twice on over to my seas  we found ourselves none in this city you said our song's cruel, it sounds hissy  brand food is ruling my sanity scream to your entrance i felt simply in  night lights are swayed on i prayed for death the higher her screams the less you hear when at last please hide my eyes from the problems facing me we drove to east lansing the weekend before halloween we laughed on the porch at the fact that my favorite holiday is the one where you get to be somebody else where you count down until dark and light bonfires behind the house filling up on midwestern fall the holiday that's not a holiday at all  we drove to east lansing the weekend before halloween it was probably standing in the shadow of the university that made me too proud to say sorcerer, blind me with your eyes deny me, cast me aside mine is vengeance, now i see unleash the killer within me dark clouds come rolling in my mind is scarred with your sin  show me what your tarot holds your ending now unfolds look what your future holds for you do what the demons tell me to do follow me inside my room the pictures in my head red lights-please close your eyes shut the doors to broken ways and join with me what could have been plain? what could have been plain?  the sun raise on your smile look me up, with my head in my pocket look me up, with my head in my pocket to see her coming home  well forgotten, say can't you see her well forgotten, say can't you see her moving down the line  and it's hard to live and its hard to die and it's hard to give your heart away and oh, pretty girl it's hard to steal drinking gin at half past five chattin up a bird with a dodgy eye i vomit jaeger on her pasty thighs doin a runner when her fella arrives  drop the pills i'm off me crust meet the lads i'm coming up a cheeky line of devil dust we're a walking gang of lust  let's get fucked let's get fucked let's get fucked up on the town  let's get fucked let's get fucked let's get fucked up on the town  let's get fucked let's get fucked let's get fucked up on the town  let's get fucked let's get fucked let's get fucked up on the town  i just started a new, i don't know what to do i'm gonna build a fortress, or maybe two i just saw someone back there, is somebody back there please show me your face, please show me your face  aaahhhjessica (snsd) - almost  can you tell me how can one miss what she never had how could i reminisce when there is no past how could i have memories of being happy with you boy can someone tell me how can this be  how could my mind pull up incidents recall dates and times that never happened how could we celebrate a love that's too late and how could i really mean the words i'm bout to say i yeah  i missed the times that we almost shared i miss the love that was almost there i miss the times across this frozen lake i've heard a pack of feral dogs howling at the moon i used to know the pitch by heart at which they crooned but it's sharper now  and in the tree, in the green above our heads i used to feel the birch leaves rattle through my spine and just for a moment, like i could turn back time it's dark and cold over there it's dark and cold how can you look him in the eye? not nearly as boundless and kind when you point your gaze to the sky i dare you not to scream my name the greener pastures always draw me away the greener pastures have withered up and died but i keep on trucking you keep on blowing down the road now you can't look me in the eye and you have only yourself to blame when your romeo leaves you to die he came home all alone when he was done drinking. he fell into a sea of broken glass and his face, it started bleeding. he's screaming, "god, if you're up there, won't you pity me? i have been praying now for weeks and i don't think that you're listening." you're so afraid to lose what you have, but what do you have that you're afraid to lose?  now he's looking at the stars as they bounce off each other. there's a shadow in my mind that i'm tryin' to leave behind but it can't get me down there are clouds in the sky still, the sun is in my eyes whenever you're around  it's all good, like i could finally be the one who gets to win it's so real, how i feel ever since i let you in  does it get any better than this? we're into something beautiful bein' with you's as good as it gets it doesn't get any better just an ordinary girl inside my head can't help thinking about all the things she said she said good girls are just like bad girls if she's a bad girl, then makes her a good girl! just an ordinary girl inside my head!  i'm in the club, in love with this girl that's been dancing for me i know she likes, cause she tells me she don't want my money i think she's special, yow, i'm certain she's got what i need she ain't the girl next door, but she's perfect for me! y o u g o t c a u g h t  going on what they are saying try it on rather than move you're staying you gave up now you're in a rut you walk in those footsteps and you're bound to get caught your regrets won't spare you this debt you walk in those footsteps and you're bound to get caught saw the price tag you put on your eyes and ears and watched as you sold your mouth for the lifestyle of a saint you got on your caps and buried your mug in that hole it's always the ones with the most cracked driftwood imaginations that buy into the thickest of crucifixes the biggest of brick walls the brightest of whitewashes too dark, too soon and no action this started a chemical reaction fall asleep, falling deep, come ascension this martyr is looking for attention  summer break my fall its go go go  if you wanna walk ok lets walk im always here i wont fade away like chalk theres a lake where nobody goes a good place to drown your sorrows i like the way ou treat your friends like shit and you try to make amends you set me up to break my face but we dont care  what you got is nothing don't understand the world you're living in you need to take a walk outside and maybe then you'll open your eyes 