i'm between memories and dreams, between my past and future, i feel like it's time for me to leave the old behindshe's the wing of a bird she's the dark voice of the sea she's a breath on a leaf she's the dawn of a september day  she's the girl with big eyes she's so good, she's so kind she's confused, sometimes sad but she always does her best she's so weak, she's so strong she's been alone for so long she took my hand and saved my soul people change and so did we maybe you're right, let us at least be honest better a clean cut than a festering wound better live all life alone than live this lie one more day  better end this lie right now than live my life just one more day but why do i feel like having lost something precious or haven't i?  when names are thrown to those who know that you're not so tough you've never been that what do i stand here for? what do you expect? you want a master plan? a call to arms? a manifesto?  no, you'll get nothing like this it's just my trying to act my anger  my anger - not the revolution my inner struggle - not yours i've been biting on concrete i had to spit it out i had to bleed i was a veteran dreamin of a war i'd never seen  now i'm sipping on sewage i like to swallow it - i'm in a ditch i was a vagabond just an illusion of your average institution  i had a job and a wife a family car i've never been there so when i see that look in your eyes i'm not a lifeguard, with a towel that dries who fixes a life so when there's nightmares and the stakes have gotten too high, over reactions somebody's gonna know who's paying the price home sweet mastermind how i'm killing time taking all my dreams in a frenzy and they make me feel like i'm dying  static in my brain like a mystic rain takes me over day after day as i slowly slide down in a wave  morning came so soon taking all the moon and i move through the wet morning air to shadow my skin to let me begin to free all my doves  i put out the light i stopped in my fight let them all go all of my love has come my way tonight she pumped it straight into my veins and i could die when words on her tongue were on my mind  i could never let her go never let her sing another lonely song now our love is shining on there's no love here and days are blue and sterile green there's no love here run down the river darkness over your shoulder you need to come down you need to come around  everyone keeps knocking my head everyone keeps saying that i'm no good at it all maybe i'm no good  maybe i'm not worth fighting for figthing for when i said that i wanted to talk to you telepathically  i just wanted to know if you really think we'd make it down  insane plea (?)  got (?) there's a boy with all his eggs in a basket, woven tight. if there's an "us" it's sure to end tonight. it's just the way you say such words with conviction, yet escape my animosity or focused hate. i guess that's my demise. abandon opening letters forget to mention your name neither ever carries anything you can afford peel the sticker off the place where you stay death to stories death to songs death to stories death to songs make plans to sleep in shirtless after seven days write your way right through your writs i couldn't figure why you couldn't give me what everybody needs i shouldn't let you kick me when i'm down my baby  i find out everybody knows that you've been using me i'm surprised you let me stay around you  one day i'm gonna lift the cover and look inside your heart we gotta level before we go and tear this love apart  there's no fight you can't fight this battle of love with me you win again, so little time, we do nothing but compete there's no life on earth, no other could see me through you win again, some never try but if anybody can, we can mean what you say what you say will be heard in between of strangers lines you will need sugar to work before you get the salt in the mines is it really a contradiction or just a place vis-à-vis every raindrop is just as important as the sun for me  some say that the flowers bloom i'd say they're alive some would call it colourless i'd just say it's white don't wanna dream sometimes i sleep all day, god bless all of you now but i've been that way on the road, i try to give a sense to what i made i don't know how to fly my eyes just opened as i wake up her voice surrounds my head she's calling when i see you i fall in love so hold your body to my skin so i can feel the blood boil and let it go on until it fills my heart and now her voice, surrounds my head her smell confuses my feelings i can't go on it's over she's a nightmare the only need to survive my lover in the dark days yeah, this is real! yeah, this is right now! no, i can't heal you! you are already dead!  human scum - killed by virus god! i'm the last of the sane!  inhale the sound of silence new age pestilence  wake up! virus god this is the last song that i write while i'm still thinking about you these are the last tears that i'll cry i'll cry i'll cry i'll cry for you because i know that there will never be something that i could call a you and me because i know that i will always might be maybe still in love with you  i know you pirate my brain don't think i didn't understand your image in my head is making me insane miss pratchett chocolate! chocolate! rots your teeth, and makes you fat. get your lovely chocolate here.  tramp look at this mess. people just guzzle up their chocolate and throw away the wrappers without the slightest thought.  staring up at the sky searching for constellations in the stars i still remember the first time i saw one driving back from my grandparents' house as a kid i drew it right when i got home sometimes i feel that it's all moving slow and there's nowhere to go at high tide and i feel like it's all just a show and no one can see the divide  and i deserves for all night long try to find where i belong all night wise man said you always have to pay no-one found the easy way it seems like you just can't avoid the strife forever  you can't fight heaven on borrowed time can you fight heaven at all? give it a call  make time - do time my time is up  you're alight the air is getting thin i'm the bite you're swallowing let it begin  i'm a sinner got your evil eye on me you storming out 10 o'clock sunday morning  like a happy accident it was an accident but i'm not sorry the day i slipped away i found myself in an other place within the hours i danced myself to the end in slow pace and found you in place the answer in place all in place, in place  seventeen is the whole world in my room, the smiths and girls phantom friends, their shadow shapes everyday was the same no, nothing changed until the day that you just happened to run into me call it fate but whatever the case i saved you but really you saved me too from what i was running from just one touch was all it took for you to read me like an open book like fire and ice inside my chest money is black money is red money goes straight to your head money can break money can burn money can make you concerned money is fast money is greed money shapes all of your dreams you hit me once you hit me twice and i ask you to hit again  i've given up on all i love and now you are my only friend  our made up hopes for made up dreams we've been down this road before not something you can ignore tensions spear-clash to the floor i think youll watch what you're waiting for  (pre) haaaaaahh must i suffer so?  () don't need you to hold me tonight, hey yeah! cause im not scared. you used to catch me but not this time its even a go you have fought and i am afraid its clear what they say nothing ventured nothing gained. bore me, tell me things i already know tell me one more time before i go to sleep basking in your voice rich and sweet  ran out of anchor gone through the bars thought my ways were best again  oh my god sorry, miss haynes you want some justice back for suffering and personal attack but i don't know why you played a card, took many others' time no guilt declared, still feels like a crime  miss haynes, don't you cry miss haynes, don't you cry miss haynes, don't you cry miss haynes, don't you cry yeah the wheel rolls on the past is gone there's hope for everyone the wheel rolls on and the past is gone  there's no land or sea that can retain me and the light's just right we're all pretty tonight we are pretty tonight i'm lost in the woods, take me to my bed scared of the devil, horns grow from his skull hairy faces and pointed wings and a sharp nose, that knows right where i go  standing in front of a mirror, as if he's already eaten you but you don't know it yet, because he delays your thoughts and you will go to sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep, sleep  and when you wake up, you're only some bones and it hurts you so, you can't climb a tree drift away in open space watching all the colors fade to grey going where i lost my way tonight i'll try  disillusioned broken home holding back but moving on alone you got to waste some time you got to wait sometimes that's all i can tell you there's nothing more i know no other cards to show that's all i can tell you  i'm living in my own dream world go collect your own stars what's wrong? can't you stand by your work? ain't it provisionally charged? break down worn out as the sun sets on sandy shores stray cat time passed you have turned into someone else  search the secrets of your heart try to picture what you've lost who turned the sound to stone saw polygon in a polyphone & within the sound it shone i know you wanna see me thinking i'll be kind you wonder when you'll meet me and you'll change your mind  the times are always changing now you've been gone for a while 'cause we were never meant to step into the light where would i find you truckstop it's so hard to figure out with all the inventions powerloom honesty which one will keep you in your house  picture me this picture me this picture me this picture me this  let me sing my predilections, oh girl, herein lies a contradiction. it's heavenly letting go, heavenly letting go, we could do something, we could do something we haven't done for a long timei want you whole now, boy i want everything of you hold me deep, strong, long in your warm soft arms and never let me go take me on a trip to the moon tonight let's be together and act like we were blind little stallion, did i catch your eye? did i notice a limp as you ascended the crystal stairs on the way to your well appointed room?  oh, little buck, why must you join the fisticuffs? why must you risk your slender wrists to the fray? toy piano tinklings punctuate your every step, but lately your gait sounds a mess.  oh, so many boys, so many boys, so many boys, so many antlers to be tossed off. oh, so many pearls, so many pearls, so many pearls, so many pearls to be polished off.  it's all over, all over, all over, my lovely little twist. it's all over, all over, all over. who? who? who got you? who got you when you got nothing? suppression of all the things that i hold in suppression it takes away my common sense suppression  you run through my veins forever holding on you get in my way and yet i move along mind set and my back straight for all time battleground screaming out for mothers. do your beliefs condone killing your brothers? certainty's a deadly thing, cut your throat. another bomb goes off, yeah, here we go.  () off to fight a rich man's war, watch the poor die in the streets. well, have you heard? the market's surged, hark the herald prophet sing! hark the herald prophet sing!  (interlude) growing up again, my arms are numb. i fight the urge to hate myself 'cause that's what i demand. sitting here in a map pool, poisoning. how did i get here? walking out just to say what i need. quick to cry, nothing left. no fountains rise, no rivulets. no, "one last thingbring that jolly roger on home people might say that you're always sleeping but you leave with your point of view do you think it would take a disaster to make people see? i do. right at the core right at the core do you leave? no. right at the core right at the core do you leave? i'm a funeral pyre! but bring that jolly roger on home what is it something about you can't say? what is it something about you can't say? on the cover of a magazine are you really who you say you mean to be or just a pretty portrait of yourself  i'm blind before the flash i promise not to ____ if a picture is just a picture why is it such a fixture in mind in mind  she got enough way before i could even say to get inside, into my house i know that you've plenty left to figure out but i am sure hesitation at the door arriving late as usual through the gate over the moon and packets full of little drinks  i'm afraid it seems saw the last sun beams of the sun going down but we were off on the friday eve you told of your week time is a force and it will surely take its course it will take from all of you taking with it all the things you had planned to do  and regret is a gift who could explain that it's a gift one not wrapped and unreceived it's the kind you keep from yours truly  what is a must when the heart beats slow i want to know how you learn read the papers, read the charts i stand the can its in your arms while you whispering, i know your sounds i dont know enough about you to be kind, to be kind to you dont you even think about me just forget, what you think youve seen we can feel a powerful thing you decide what you want from me we can hear the passing of time every sound, every single mind i want to hear, how you talk so im taking you apart as the picture starts there he is inside your mind if you look closer then i think you know his name don't tell me you don't care he was a rebel guy from a new wave opera  he fell in love with a girl from this tragedy a backstreet angel from the streets my nerves are hurting the blood red sky is burning down on earth my veins exploding this is the day of a brand new birth  overpower - will kill the old when it's all gone what makes you feel so alive when it's all gone what makes you feel so alive  do i need to find a way to make me love you again did i forget how to see what am i trying to be  (repeat) iâ'll pass on that forget you ever sent it here low arms to dance fashion levels tapping at the seasons killing anyone who would know iâ'll light the way, the day, the everything i see and i know itâ's a show baby i'm gonna find you the best gun that money can buy so don't say that i don't love you anymore  so you say that it made a difference but the truth is that it didn't and i shouldn't have listened to you to you  baby i'm gonna find you the best gun that money can buy so don't say that i don't love you anymore  she's always asking, where the best place for me is, but i don't know where to go, what's the basis  been here before but i was never told the latest the night's cold, i feel like going different places  she's on my mind, most of the time and i continue to chase her up and hunt her down it's what's within you  i always leave it too late, and so i try to get through the little smiles, and all the while i'm begging for you  she's coming over, she's coming to stay, call me out call me out i know what i did and you can't pretend that you did nothing wrong and that i wanted it all along i can't face anybody _______  but listen i decided to stop him and erase the record of your face i can't blame you for tryin' with broken glass halos on your feet free shoes, read books for every kid you meet join the serenade on your street  you better rest, then run you better rest, then run you better rest, then run 'cos the brothers off the block never had that luck  the courage to die for your people you better set those brothers free the courage to die for what you believe in set those brothers free you better set those brothers free  read about king street in the papers liverpool dockers with desperate measures determined destiny with broken by the bowed down bows i wish it was a dream so i could have you back to me i can't stop it now as you've gone a step too far from me  i am still here why am i still here  they took away my loved one they took away my soul but why didn't they take away my life when they go  i'm here cast your armour off. lay your arms down. this war is won. they were at your side, haunted you in the broad daylight. watched you as you slept. when the fight is through, your history still follows you. you live beneath the reign; under the weight of your name.  come alive and let me hear you now. we'll clean out all the corners where skeletons and these ghosts hide. come alive and let me hear you now. a chance at least to cease the fire; an armistice to build the pyres. for don't we burn what we want the most, then treasure the ash and sleep with the bones? well, i left home when i was 16 i had no reason, had no rhyme i did not know where i was going it did not matter at that time  and there were people on the street, people on the street the strangest people that you'd ever meet there were people on the street, people on the street hold, freak, blood deep so lost u pathetic creep death, fear the end is near taste, feel how ur skin peels off, the world will crumble beneath my feet u my insect will work for ur defeat  i will take away all the beauty in ur world reminiscing what went down i didn't really want to look though it went from bad to worse and i lost my soul angry, fighting, screaming, kicking, hissing, yelling, crying hitting i want my life back but i let it go  violent, walk on by silence, walk on by  i fucked it up i fucked it up  i was unprotected from the start and no one ever gave me a sense of worth, a sense of pride and love i remember how i let you down everything you say reminds me of the pain how you lost your dignity passing in and out of a dream  is there some secret i'm supposed to know is there some secret i'd always miss 'cause there's no dignity when you have to live within the boundaries of a kiss  and the nightwatchman yeah he's asleep one time, didn't it count you filled this town with disease disregarded the rest, you can't just phase me out one time, didn't it count we knocked and tour down the walls seem to be coming up deep you couldn't give into me  my eyes are in pain it's all that i feel waiting for the inner truth to reveal a moment of trust a memory of hope seems like it was almost pure then let go we keep it on the scene, but i couldn't get it  weekend, get into stuff you're just to hard to control hatred covered all the earth eyes are blind ears are deaf loyal servants now can fall how they'll stand to bear that all  but still i felt the power of his eyes i saw full beauty of his ways but i've left all that life i am gutless, emptied out. water my insides, they've dried out. will this ever taste the same again?  can you feel me crawl inside you?  i breathe in glass, my lungs they itch. i swallow knives, my stomach's numb. have you broken down, just given up? got turned around, abandoned hope and your tired heart gave up the beat, you drop your head in your defeat.  and all this pain, and all this fear, things have gotten worse this year.  maybe i really hope that i can change things, 'cause if there's love for everyone, hopeful word's i've found joined in harmony i never even dreamt that they could be so closethe french connection / salt - such a long time  i i feel sorry i feel sorry sorry so  i feel so sorry, i can't do nothing for you all this time in vain, i'm tired, i quit i have enough, i quit the game  (such a long time night lets place to another brand new morn while day enters on stage, i'm moving home prods and alcohol run through my head magic troubles are feeding my veins  from dangerous game to strange territory there's only one step to climb on even if i know i'm under control i confess i do it, i carry on the french connection / black cat  black cat you won't let me down black cat you make me nervous you know black cat it's a hell when you're near i can't see clear with your black curtain on me  black cat i'm the mouse you're the trap but black cat i'm not superstitious i'm not afraid to walk under your ladder why should you want to stay? everyone that knows you is here today, and your name is hard to separate. when were you gonna go? they were always asking, but you don't know, it's a change you can't anticipate. it seems you have waited enough.  i heard you wanna die i've got the answer, don't get in line. such a bad, bad feeling when you're underneath the gun strangest things are keeping my eyes right all over you  such a bad bad feeling when you seek time for the snatch while you rest on your bed, tied up loneliness is all you catch  cannot sleep 'cause my head is spinning round and round upside down, i got monkeys in my brain can't you hear me knocking on your empty glass of wine got no time for silly romances no more breathing through your hair since you decided to cut and got me fucked, with no answers keep pretending we don't ever let us go seems we don't know we're just doing us harm.  these days i'm living in a rusty cage, that is made of your black these days i'm living in a rusty cage, that is made of your black bones  i'm gonna wake up when i'm home i'm leaving my mark in the stone i'm gonna stare out through the mirror i'm feeling my eyes getting clearer  oh alright alright shedding the castle in disguise alright, alright, alright  we've got a lifetime looking for a lifeline (lifeline) made up my mind i never meant to stay out of line i never meant to say i'm not right you gotta believe me  and don't hurt my cat he has feelings that you never had i promise i'll be gentle in bed you gotta believe me  lips stained souls gray i'll keep waiting  have you heard about the strolling circus i've been dying all my life we are now runaways silently wandering. strolling against an (autumn wind) 2 from wind gust to wind gust i find and lose myself (2) i have on me clearing out a space for your heart to hide. i'll let in a single beam of light. hold onto all you haven't seen or heard yet. there's no way to keep this thing alive.  your eyes, they're a masterful disguise. tell me how to say goodbye standing on the line and i feel a shiver crawling down my spine you were never mine  if i can't forget you, then i can regret you hing gets harder and now i just need to get out of home i have tried to succeed and i try to do the best i could rit: it's an hurricane and i can feel that running through my veins cannot stop beating now it's an hurricane and i can feel that life is passing by i cannot see that something in between us eyes closed but i can see all of my friends never really liked me i think they wanna be where ima be sorry to say but there's no one like me  eyes closed but i can see all of my friends never really liked me i think they wanna be where ima be sorry to say but there's no one like me  eyes closed but i can see all of my friends never really liked me i think they wanna be where ima be sorry to say but there's no one like me  eyes closed but i can see all of my friends never really liked me i think they wanna be where ima be sorry to say but there's no one like me  you got your art from forest you stole my style on your chorus im finally over you you took my heart and broke into 2 now that your gone i see whats true i think i know what im supposed to do  cause im drunk its alright everything's gonna be just fine its all good its all tite i don't see what you're telling me i don't understand, what is it we talked about and you are the one, i don't want to change it has love changed the way i think or am i just wondering is passion running through my veins or will i forget my problems catch my heart it's not so easy break my soul please never leave me come on! come on! you said, it will be great come on! come on! you know, it's never too late we complete each other well, i always said that my girlfriend is the only one in my life but i lied to her and it ain't fair why the hell is she so obsessed sunshine. you know she left you for another man, one who makes her feel so good like you never could in your day. like you never could anyway, and if you could you never tried so who's to blame? it's only you, if it's all the same i'll just leave you all to your lonesome.  but there's a way to bring her back into my life but here's the thing about it ain't nothing to sing about i feel nothing at all i'm going down alone.  he has faded away we kept it hidden it's often one or two we're standing, almost instep when is it dying if something's part of you on a pedestal how come, we just met and it's up and down again we're standing almost in control we kept on driving and shocked this world on through on a pedestal, we await  enough's enough and the darkness won't give in we're into guarding common interests we're talking barely, it's all we wanted here on our pedestal, how come you don't want to try me wasting all this time we laid down and we threw away all the while i'm thinking wasted time was better for you, don't play moving around this circuit used to do it tightly almost got away with it, oh you were onto something, at least that was the view from you don't fade away (pres. flanders)  saturday morning the sun is high so i can underline all of my hopes to get out from my tears so i, i can brighten  will be sunshine in me i'm living a life inside a broken life will be sunshine in me i'm living a life inside a blinding life  everyday morning i can play with the sun but i see you again i wanna forget all your lies so i can go ahead, so i am as i stand here locked in your warm embrace i'm not sure how i should be feeling. in a couple of days we'll be leaving this place for opposite coasts in a parallel world. hypotheticals and scenarios – what if we could stay? yes of course yus aham cmon grandpa sheehy lol granpa aha  